Who What News

KRONOS GOVERNMENT PLANS TAX BREAKS TO ENCOURAGE FOREIGN INVESTMENT 

 

1992/12/12
 

ABILA, Kronos - The Government of Kronos is currently planning some of the world's most generous tax breaks for gas investments. 

 

As high-income countries from Europe and the United States race to take advantage of existing and potential gas deposits, Kronos is planning to provide incentives such as reducing corporate and individual tax, preferential tariffs, and derogations from regulations as well as cheap, but eager work force. 

 

The Government of Kronos is pitching the plan as a win-win situation given that the high-income countries will be struggling to discover and exploit ever-dwindling supplies of fossil-fuels and the developing Kronos needs income, infrastructure, and cheap energy.

The Tulip

THE GOVERNMENT KRONOS IS THE DISCONTINUANCES OF THE TAX OF PLAN FOREIGN ENCOURAGE INVESTMENT



1992/12/12


ABILA, Kronos - the government of Kronos plants at present most grootmoedigste the tax discontinuances of some world for gasinvesteringen. This will help to lead to cheap energy which can the developing country give a competitive advantage and a leg in the duw of the government up to modernize.



Since the countries with a high income of Europe and the United States run to benefit from existing and potential gasstortingen, is Kronos of plan incentives supply such as reducing collective and individual tax, preferential tariffs, and deviations of regulations as well as cheap, but enthusiastic number of workers.



The government of Kronos throws the plan as win-win a situation considered the countries with a high income will wrestle to discover supply of fossile fuels ooit-afneemt and to develop and developing demands Kronos to enter himself, infrastructure, and cheap energy.



Missing energy companies to troop to Kronos.



The World
KRONOS GOVERNMENT PLANS TAX BREAKS TO ENCOURAGE FOREIGN INVESTMENT

11 December 1992 

ABILA, Kronos - The Government of Kronos is currently planning some of the world's most generous tax breaks for gas investments. This will help create "cheap energy" that can give the developing country a competitive advantage and a leg up in the government's push to modernize.

As high-income countries from Europe and the United States race to take advantage of existing and potential gas deposits, Kronos is planning to provide incentives such as reducing corporate and individual tax, preferential tariffs, and derogations from regulations as well as cheap, but eager work force.

The Government of Kronos is pitching the plan as a win-win situation given that the high-income countries will be struggling to discover and exploit ever-dwindling supplies of fossil-fuels and the developing Kronos needs income, infrastructure, and cheap energy.

Look for energy companies to flock to Kronos.

The General Post

THE KRONOS GOVERNMENT PLANS TAX BREAKAGE TO ANIMATE THE FOREIGN INVESTMENT



1992/12/13


AVILA, Kronos - the government of Kronos is planning at the moment some of the more abundant breakage of tax of the world for the investments of the gas. This will help to create the "cheap energy" that can give to the developing country a competitive advantage and a leg for above in the push of the government modernizing.



Whereas the countries of the high-rent of Europe and the United States compete with taking advantage of to exist and the potential deposits of the gas, Kronos is gliding to provide incentives such as reduction of corporative and individual tax, preferential tariffs, and derogations of regulations as well as cheap, but of the force of impatient work.



The government of Kronos is throwing the plan as that the countries of the high-rent will fight to discover and to operate sources of fossil fuel always-diminution and of the Kronos gain-gains the given situation that becomes needs rent, the infrastructure, and the cheap energy.



It looks for companies of the energy to meet to Kronos.



