All News Today

LACK OF DETAILS MARS GOVERNMENT INTENTIONS 

 

1993/02/02
 

 

ABILA, Kronos - In a glitzy press conference late last year President Luis Araullo announced a historic set of tax incentives intended to bring foreign investment to Kronos under the guise creating jobs, providing cheap energy and building infrastructure.  Following the 86-14 vote last month the Minister of the Interior Tomas Sarto lauded the decision as "landmark" and "bettering the people".  The crafters of these revolutionary measures neglected to include a detailed plan about how this windfall would benefit everyday Kronosians.  When the first payment from these foreign company lands in the state coffers, how will these funds be dispersed?




News Online Today

LACK OF DETAILS MARS GOVERNMENT INTENTIONS 

 

1993/02/03
 

 

ABILA, Kronos - In a glitzy press conference late last year President Luis Araullo announced a historic set of tax incentives intended to bring foreign investment to Kronos under the guise creating jobs, providing cheap energy and building infrastructure.

Kronos Star
Government Strikes Deal with GAStech International
Donato Petri
12 March 1993

ABILA, Kronos - President Araullo today announced the signing of an agreement between his government and the Tethys-based GAStech International for the development of the Tiskele Bend gas fields.  GAStech, under the leadership of visionary Sten Sanjorge Jr., was awarded exclusive rights to drill in the government-owned fields after agreeing to the government's request that 50% or more of the workforce be Kronosian citizens.  President Araullo hailed the landmark deal as "the beginning of a new era for our great country, an era of opportunity and fortune for all."  Our sources at the Ministry of Interior tell us that the 50% tax levied on new oil and gas exploration could yield in excess of $1 billion in tax revenue per year.  This will allow the government to make unprecedented investments into infrastructure, health care, and education.




Homeland Illumination
LACK OF DETAILS MARS GOVERNMENT INTENTIONS
Petrus Gerhard
2 February  1993


ABILA, Kronos - In a glitzy press conference late last year President Luis Araullo announced a historic set of tax incentives intended to bring foreign investment to Kronos under the guise creating jobs, providing cheap energy and building infrastructure.  Following the 86-14 vote last month the Minister of the Interior Tomas Sarto lauded the decision as "landmark" and "bettering the people".
We shall see.  The crafters of these revolutionary measures neglected to include a detailed plan about how this windfall would benefit everyday Kronosians.  When the first payment from these foreign company lands in the state coffers, how will these funds be dispersed?
One wonders:  Did the 14 who opposed the measure feel the same way?  Were they also wondering exactly how this money would be funneled into education, improvements in roads, utilities and healthcare?
Calls to the offices of the President were not returned.

Daily Pegasus

DEFICIENCY OF THE INTENTIONS OF THE MARS GOVERNMENT OF THE DETAILS



1993/02/04




ABILA, Kronos - in a president glitzy Luis Araullo of the press conference behind schedule announced the last year an historical system of fiscal incentives anticipated to bring the foreign investment to Kronos under way that created works, providing cheap energy and constructing the infrastructure.  After the vote the 86-14 month last the minister of inner the Sarto Takings praised the decision like the "signal" and "to improve people".

We will see.  Crafters of these revolutionary measures neglected to include a detailed plan on how this unexpected gain would benefit daily Kronosians.   When the first payment of these foreign company lands in the boxes of the state, how these bottoms will be dispersed?

One is asked:   The 14 who opposed the measurement felt the same way?   Also was asked exactly how this money would be concentrated in the education, improvements in ways, utilities and healthcare?

The calls to the offices of the president were not returned.


The Orb

MISS INTENTIONS OF GOVERNMENT OF MARCH OF DETAILS



1993/02/03




ABILA, Kronos - in a President étincelant Luis Araullo of press conference late last year a historical whole of tax tax incentives designed announced to bring the foreign investment to Kronos under the appearance creating of employment, providing cheap energy and establishing the infrastructure.  After the voice 86-14 month last the Minister of Interior Department Tomas Sarto glorifi?the decision as the "limiting terminal" and "improving the people".

We will see.  The crafters of these revolutionary measurements neglected to include a plan detailed about the way in which these ventis would profit daily Kronosians.  When the first payment as of these alien company in the trunks of state, how these funds unload do will be dispersed?

One wonders:  Did the 14 which was opposed to measurement feel the same manner?  Did they wonder also exactly how this money would be directed in education, the improvements in roads, the utilities and the care of health?

Calls to the offices of the president were not turned over.







The Wrap

LACK OF THE INTENTIONS OF THE GOVERNMENT OF TOP OF DETAILS



1993/02/04




ABILA, Kronos - in glitzy press conference president delouse Araullo kondigde end previous year a historical range tax incentives to foreign investment to Kronos under the mom to bring which to job leads, cheap energy supplies and infrastructure builds.  After poll 86-14 the minister of the inland country praised Tomas Sarto previous month the decision as a orientation point and improving people.

We will see.  Crafters of these revolutionary measures neglected to include a detailed plan concerning how this windfall to daily Kronosians would help.  When the first payment of this foreign company country in the state trunks, how will these funds be spread?

One have been aroused curiosity:  14 who resist does the measure feel himself same the manner?  Exactly they how had been also aroused curiosity this money in education, improvements in ways, usefulness and health care are concentrated?

The question to the offices of the President had not returned.



