Worldwise

Left equipment to improve



1993/09/21


ABILA, Kronos - the Minister of Interior Department Sarto today announced a sponsored business by government with the company of development of energy of Tethys GAStech international, to improve the port of Abila.  GAStech agreed to contribute $200 million towards the cost of the left levellings in exchange for the preferential site of their gas terminal to the new port and drew aside to couple fees during 100 years.  The Sarto minister declared the business left of expansion to be "the first of many rewards to be collected by Kronos since we opened our large country with the foreign investment."



In March, the government allotted to GAStech exclusive lines with the fields of state-owned property of curve of Tiskele, the largest little developed gas layer in Europe. The representatives of company of GAStech in Tethys stated that "this left business was gain-gain for all two us and Kronos and is principal to carry out the full capacity of the fields of curve of Tiskele."









The Tulip

IMPROVEMENTS NECESSARY FOR PORT OF THE WATER OF ABILA DEEP



1993/09/21


ABILA, Kronos - as part of the government brokered international GAStech treat, Abila must make improvements to their deep water port. When the slopes of the gasproductie omhoog, the movement of the port would have increase ten times. 



Presented improvements include raising the pillar of the east of Abila in phases, a solid mass $300 millions project that new, larger container ships will adapt. At present the pillar of the east roughly speaking 3 meters is above overseas - level and must to 8 meters be raised. Moreover, the port must the port dredge which two kills birds with one stone: raising the depth of fills the port and supplying to raise the pillar of the east.



The port of director Claudio Morluniau van Abila shouted with joy the agreement saying that the extra port capacity doors for import and the uitvoerhandel will open. This agreement and port extension are the introduction of Kronos to the world!

The Light of Truth

The LEVELLINGS NEEDED FOR the WEARING Of DEEP WATER For ABILA



1993/09/21


ABILA, Kronos - as an element of the sponsored business by government with international GAStech, Abila must make levellings with their wearing of deep water. When the production of built gas, one expects that the traffic of the port increases ten times. 



The levellings suggested include to raise the pillar is of Abila in phases, a massive project $300 million which will adapt to the new ones, larger ships container ships. Currently the pillar east is roughly 3 meters above sea level and must be increased with 8 meters. Moreover, the port will have to pick up the left birds of the massacre two with a stone: increasing the depth of the port and to provide sufficiency to raise the pillar is.



The wearing of director Claudio Morluniau d' Abila applauded the stating of business which the additional harbor capacity will open of the doors for the export and import trade. "This business and the left expansion is the introduction of Kronos to the world!"

The Truth

The facilities to promote of the port



1993/09/20


ABILA, Kronos - the minister of the inland country Sarto kondigde today to a government treats the Tethys company international GAStech of the energy development, brokered to promote Abila the port.  GAStech have corresponded $200 millions to the costs of the port improvements for preferential situating their gasterminal at the new port in ruil for that and suspended coughing up prices 100 contribution years.  The minister Sarto explained the agreement of the port extension to since be first of a lot of rewards which must be harvested by Kronos we our large country for foreign investment. have opened



In March, the government GAStech knew exclusive rights to the government had orders of bending to Tiskele, the largest undeveloped gasstorting in Europe. The company representatives of GAStech in Tethys explained this port agreement win-win for both us and Kronos were and very it is important to opening up the complete potential of the areas of bending Tiskele.









News Online Today

UPGRADES NEEDED FOR ABILA'S DEEP WATER PORT 

 

1993/09/20
 

ABILA, Kronos - As part of the government brokered deal with GAStech International, Abila must make upgrades to their deep water port. Additionally, the Port will need to dredge the port killing two birds with one stone: increasing the depth of the port and providing fill to raise the East Pier.

The General Post

THE IMPROVEMENTS NEEDED FOR THE DEEP PORT DE AVILA



1993/09/21


AVILA, Kronos - as she leaves from the government brokered distribution with international GAStech, Avila must make improvements to their deep port. When one hopes that the inclines of the production of the gas for above, the traffic of the port increases ten times. 



The propose improvements include to raise the wharf of the east in phases, of Avila a massive project $300 million that accommodate the new ships of package, greater. The wharf of the east is rough 3 meters on level of the sea and it is due at the moment to raise to 8 meters. In addition, the port will need to dredge the harbor birds of slaughter two with a stone: increasing the depth of the port and to provide the embankment to raise the wharf of the east.



The director port Claudius Morluniau de Avila applauded will refrán of the distribution that the additional harbor capacity will open the doors for the commerce of the import and the export. "This distribution and the harbor extension is the introduction of Kronos to the world"

The Guide

Harbor facilities that will be increased



1993/09/21


ABILA, Kronos - the minister of the Sarto interior announced a government today brokered distribution with the company of development of the energy of Tethys international GAStech, to increase the port of Abila.  GAStech has decided to contribute $200 million towards the cost of the harbor improvements in exchange for the preferential location of its terminal of the gas in the new port and has resigned to berth the honorary percents years.  Minister Sarto declared the harbor distribution of the extension to be "the first one of many you compensate that they will harvest themselves by Kronos since we have opened our great country in the foreign investment."



In march, the government granted to GAStech the exclusive rights to the governmental fields of the curve of Tiskele, the greater underdeveloped deposit of the gas of Europe. The representatives of the company of GAStech in Tethys indicated that "this harbor distribution was gain-wins for both us and Kronos and is dominant to make the Maxima capacity of the fields of the curve of Tiskele."









Who What News

UPGRADES NEEDED FOR ABILA'S DEEP WATER PORT 

 

1993/09/19
 

ABILA, Kronos - As part of the government brokered deal with GAStech International, Abila must make upgrades to their deep water port.  

 

The proposed upgrades include raising Abila's East Pier in phases, a massive $300 million project that will accommodate new, larger container ships. Additionally, the Port will need to dredge the port killing two birds with one stone: increasing the depth of the port and providing fill to raise the East Pier. 

 

Port of Abila's Director Claudio Morluniau applauded the deal saying that the additional port capacity will open doors for import and export trade.

The World
UPGRADES NEEDED FOR ABILA'S DEEP WATER PORT

19 September 1993

ABILA, Kronos - As part of the government brokered deal with GAStech International, Abila must make upgrades to their deep water port. When gas production ramps up, the Port's traffic is expected to increase ten-fold. 

The proposed upgrades include raising Abila's East Pier in phases, a massive $300 million project that will accommodate new, larger container ships. Currently the East Pier is roughly 3 meters above sea level and must be raised to 8 meters. Additionally, the Port will need to dredge the port killing two birds with one stone: increasing the depth of the port and providing fill to raise the East Pier.

Port of Abila's Director Claudio Morluniau applauded the deal saying that the additional port capacity will open doors for import and export trade. "This deal and the port expansion is the introduction of Kronos to the world!"
