International News

Government Announces Tax Incentives For Foreign Investment 

 

1993/01/19
 

ABILA, Kronos - Today the Parliament voted 86 to 14 in favor of President Araullo's package of tax incentives designed to lure foreign investment to our fair country.   

 

The tax incentives specifically target energy development companies, which the government hopes to lure to Kronos' rich, but yet undeveloped, gas fields.  Ministry of the Interior projections show that development of just the Tiskele Bend fields could bring in as many as 5,000 high paying jobs and yield billions of dollars of infrastructure development over the next 20 years.

The Truth

The government announces the incentives of the tax for foreign investment



1993/01/20


ABILA, Kronos - today the parliament that 86 up to 14 in favor of the parcel of president Araullo's of tax incentives becomes that is devised voted to tempt foreign investment to our honest country. Tomas Sarto, minister of the inland country, praised the poll as a better devised orientation point agreement living already Kronosians.  



The tax incentives aim specifically the companies of the energy development, which tempt the government hopes to the realms of Kronos, but still undeveloped, gasvelden.  The ministry of internal projections shows the development of only the areas of bending to that Tiskele, however, could within bring 5,000 high paying to clear and turnover billion dollars of infrastructure development in the course of the following 20 years.    









The Guide

The government announces the fiscal incentives for the foreign investment



1993/01/19


ABILA, Kronos - the parliament today voted 86 to 14 in favor of the package of president Araullo of the fiscal incentives designed to just deceive the foreign investment our country. Sarto takings, minister of the interior, praised the vote as "distribution of the designed signal to improve the lives of all the Kronosians".  



The fiscal incentives aim specifically at companies of development of the energy, to that the government hopes to deceive the rich ones of Kronos, but yet underdeveloped, the gas fields.  The ministry of the inner projections demonstrates that the development hardly of the fields of the curve of Tiskele could bring in as much as 5,000 high works and billion of the production that paid of dollars of development of the infrastructure during the 20 next years.    









Kronos Star
Government Announces Tax Incentives For Foreign Investment
Donato Petri
18 January 1993

ABILA, Kronos - Today the Parliament voted 86 to 14 in favor of President Araullo's package of tax incentives designed to lure foreign investment to our fair country. Tomas Sarto, Minister of the Interior, lauded the vote as "a landmark deal designed to better the lives of all Kronosians".  

The tax incentives specifically target energy development companies, which the government hopes to lure to Kronos' rich, but yet undeveloped, gas fields.  Ministry of the Interior projections show that development of just the Tiskele Bend fields could bring in as many as 5,000 high paying jobs and yield billions of dollars of infrastructure development over the next 20 years.    




Worldwise

The government announces the tax tax incentives for the foreign investment



1993/01/20


ABILA, Kronos - today the Parliament voted 86 to 14 in favor of the package of the President Araullo' S of the tax tax incentives conceived to delude the foreign investment with our country right. Divided into volumes Sarto, Minister of Interior Department, glorifi?the voice as "limiting business of terminal designed to improve the lives of all Kronosians".  



The tax tax incentives specifically aim the companies of development of energy, that the government hopes to delude with the rich person with Kronos, but however little developed, of the gas layers.  The ministry for interior projections prove that the development right of the fields of curve of Tiskele could bring as much of as the 5.000 operations and a billion payment high of output of dollars of development of infrastructure during 20 years to come.    









