Worldwise

The strikes of government treat international GAStech



1993/03/14


ABILA, Kronos - President Araullo today announced the signature of an agreement between his government and GAStech Tethys-based international for the development of the gas layers of curve of Tiskele.  GAStech, under the control of Jr. visionary of Sten Sanjorge, was allotted exclusive lines to drill inside the fields of state-owned property after having agreed on the request of the government that 50% or more labor are citizens of Kronosian.  President Araullo hailed the limiting business of terminal like "beginning of a new era for our large country, one era of occasion and fortune for all."  Our sources with the ministry for the interior indicate to us that the tax of 50% taken on the new gas and oil exploration could pay above $1 billion in the revenue from taxes per annum.  This will make it possible the government to transform investments without precedent into the infrastructure, health, and education.





News Online Today

Government Strikes Deal with GAStech International 

 

1993/03/13
 

ABILA, Kronos - President Araullo today announced the signing of an agreement between his government and the Tethys-based GAStech International for the development of the Tiskele Bend gas fields.  GAStech, under the leadership of visionary Sten Sanjorge Jr., was awarded exclusive rights to drill in the government-owned fields after agreeing to the government's request that 50% or more of the workforce be Kronosian citizens.

The Guide

Distribution of strikes of the government with international GAStech



1993/03/13


ABILA, Kronos - president Araullo today announced the company/signature in an agreement between his government and the GAStech Tethys-based international for the development of the gas fields of the curve of Tiskele.  GAStech, under direction of the visionary Jr of Sten Sanjorge, was granted the rights exclusive to perforate inside the governmental fields after being suitable the request of the government who 50% or more of the manual labor are citizen of Kronosian.  President Araullo hailed the distribution of the signal like "the principle of a new one was for our great country, of an era of the opportunity and the fortune for all."  Our sources in the Department of the Interior say us that the tax of 50% tax in the new exploration of the oil and the gas could render superior to $1 billion in fiscal income per year.  This will allow that the government makes investments without precedents in the infrastructure, the medical care, and the education.









The Truth

The strikes of the government treat international GAStech



1993/03/14


ABILA, Kronos - president Araullo kondigde today signing an agreement between its government and on tethys-Gebaseerde GAStech internationally for development of the gasvelden of the bending to Tiskele.  GAStech, under the control of unrealistically Jr. of Sten Sanjorge, were granted exclusive rights on drill on the state areas after approving with the request of the government which 50% or more of the number of workers is citizens Kronosian.  President Araullo greeted the orientation point agreement such as beginning of new era for our large country, era of chance and fortuin for all.  Our sources at the ministry of inland country tell us that the 50% taxes which are levied at new oil and gasexploratie more than $1 billion in tax income per year could produce.  This the government will permit unprecedented investments in infrastructure, health care, and make education.









