The General Post

THE EXTENSION OF GASTECH REACHES THE KRONOS BORDERS



1994/09/25


AVILA, Kronos - groundbreaking today in the site of the curve of Tiskele marks another flag planted in foreign ground by GAStech International. The international extension of the Jr of Sten Sanjorge has be the seal of its brief renting in the rudder that follows the death of its father in February of this year.



"It is today the great day for the people of Kronos. With the works, and the cheapest and cleaner fuel provided by GAStech that you can begin to live the lives you you deserve."



In the heels of the extension of GAStech in Asteria, the site of the curve of Tiskele has the potential of dwarf nobodies of other gas fields of GAStech. The preservative estimations of the preliminary results of the well of the test at least put the field of the curve of Tiskele in equality with greatest of the fields of Tethan de GAStech.

The Tulip

THE EXTENSION OF GASTECH REACHES THE COASTS OF KRONOS



1994/09/25


ABILA, Kronos - the groundbreaking today at the place of bending Tiskele see another flag which is planted in foreign ground by GAStech international. Sanjorge of Sten the international extension of Jr. the stamp of its short term of office has been at the rudder after the death of its father in February of this year.



Today large day for people of Kronos is. With the job, and the cheaper and cleaner fuel which is supplied by GAStech can start you live living u. deserves



On the heels of the extension of GAStech in Asteria, of bending reduce the Tiskele have to potential no matter which of other gasvelden of GAStech. The conservative estimates of introducing test result good place the area of bending Tiskele at least on pari with largest of the areas of Tethan van GAStech.

News Online Today

GASTECH'S EXPANSION REACHES THE SHORES OF KRONOS 

 

1994/09/24
 

ABILA, Kronos - The groundbreaking today at the Tiskele Bend site marks another flag planted in foreign soil by GAStech International. Conservative estimates of preliminary test well results place the Tiskele Bend field at least on par with the largest of GAStech's Tethan fields.

The Light of Truth

The EXPANSION OF GASTECH REACHES the SHORES OF KRONOS



1994/09/25


ABILA, Kronos - today of inauguration to the site of curve of Tiskele another flag planted in the foreign ground by GAStech International marks. The international expansion of Jr. of Sten Sanjorge was the seal of its short tenure to the bar according to the death of his/her father in February of this year.



"Is today the splendid day for the people of Kronos. Work, and the cheaper and cleaner fuel provided by GAStech than you can start to live the lives you deserve."



On the heels of the expansion of GAStech in Asteria, the site of curve of Tiskele has the potential to reduce any of other layers of gas of GAStech. The preserving evaluations of the preliminary results of test pit place the field of curve of Tiskele at least on the par with largest of the fields of Tethan de GAStech.

The World
GASTECH'S EXPANSION REACHES THE SHORES OF KRONOS

23 September 1994

ABILA, Kronos - The groundbreaking today at the Tiskele Bend site marks another flag planted in foreign soil by GAStech International. Sten Sanjorge Jr.'s international expansion has been the hallmark of his brief tenure at the helm following his father's death in February of this year.

"Today is great day for the People of Kronos. With the jobs, and the cheaper and cleaner fuel provided by GAStech you can begin to live the lives you deserve."

On the heels of GAStech's expansion into Asteria, the Tiskele Bend site has the potential to dwarf any of GAStech's other gas fields. Conservative estimates of preliminary test well results place the Tiskele Bend field at least on par with the largest of GAStech's Tethan fields.
