Who What News

PROMINENT BUSINESS, CIVIC LEADER DIES AT 65 

 

1994/02/18
 

CENTRUM, Tethys - After four years of diminishing health following a major heart attack, Sten Sanjorge, Sr.  

 

Sanjorge, Sr., 65, of Centrum, Tethys was President Emeritus of GAStech International having founded the company in 1961. In addition to his role at GAStech International was the chairman of the Centrum Chamber board of directors and member of the Centrum Children's Hospital Board of Trustees.  

 

"Sten has always been a champion for the children of Tethys," said Hospital President Willem Gracias. Sten will truly be missed and we ask that everyone keep the Sanjorge family in their thoughts and prayers." is survived by his wife Ingrid Sanjorge and his son Sten Sanjorge, Jr. 

 

"A great light in this world has been extinguished, yet he still casts a shadow," said Sanjorge, Jr.

The Light of Truth

THE BUSINESSES AHEAD, CIVIC CHIEF DIE IN 65



1994/02/18


CENTRUM, Tethys - after four years of health decreasing according to an important heart attack, Sten Sanjorge, Sr. Friday morning early dead. 



Sanjorge, Sr., 65, of the centrum, Tethys was President Emeritus of international of GAStech having founded the company in 1961. In addition to its role at international GAStech was the Chairman of the board of room of centrum and the member of the management committee of the hospital of the children of centrum. 



"Sten was always a champion for the children of Tethys," said President Willem Gracias of hospital. "He was a true chief of servant and without end worked to lead our establishment ahead. Sten will be really missed and we ask that each one subsistence the family of Sanjorge in their thoughts and prayers."



Sanjorge, Sr. is survived by its wife Ingrid Sanjorge and her son Sten Sanjorge, Jr.



"A great light in this world was extinct, however it always moulds a shade," said Sanjorge, Jr. "that I dedicate myself to carry out our company ahead with a replaced vision and a dignity which will honor the life with my father and will function."

The Tulip

PROMINENT MATTER, BURGERMATRIJZEN OF THE LEADER AT 65



1994/02/18


CENTER, Tethys - Friday early after four years of diminishing health after an important heart attack, Sten Sanjorge, SR. died morning. 



Sanjorge, SR., 65, of center, Tethys were president Emeritus of international GAStech have opgerichtd the company in 1961. Beside its role in international GAStech the President of the Council of management of the chamber of the center and member was of the Council of the hospital of the children of the center of administrators. 



Sten a champion for the children of Tethys, the aforesaid hospital president Willem Gracias has always been. He was a truth clerk LEADER and worked infinitely to float our forward institution. Sten will become really missed and we ask that the everyone Sanjorge family prayed in their ideas and. keeps



Sanjorge, SR. are survived by its woman Ingrid Sanjorge and its zoon Sten Sanjorge, Jr.



Large in this world has been extinguished slightly, still he pours still a shade, aforesaid Sanjorge, gelofte of Jr. I to lead ahead a renewed vision and a dignity to which living and the work my father. to our company with will honor

The General Post

THE PROMINENT BUSINESS, CIVIC LEADER DIES IN 65



1994/02/18


CENTER, Tethys - after four years of health that diminishes that they follow an attack of the important heart, Sten Sanjorge, early Mr. tomorrow died of Friday. 



Sanjorge, Mr., 65, of the center, Tethys were president Emeritus of international of GAStech that founded to the company on 1961. In addition to his paper in international GAStech he was the president of the board of directors of the compartment of the center and the member of the board of the hospital of the children of the center of administrators. 



"Sten has been always a champion for the children of Tethys," said to president Willem Thanks of the hospital. "It was a true leader of the servant and endless worked to lead to our institution he advanced. Sten will be lacked truth and we asked that each one subsistence the family of Sanjorge in its thoughts and prayers."



Sanjorge, Mr. is survived by its wife Ingrid Sanjorge and her son Sten Sanjorge, Jr.



"A great light in this world has been extinguished, he still throws a shade yet," said Sanjorge, Jr "that I make vote lead to our company advanced with a renewed vision and a dignity that honor the life of my father and work."

News Online Today

PROMINENT BUSINESS, CIVIC LEADER DIES AT 65 

 

1994/02/18
 

CENTRUM, Tethys - After four years of diminishing health following a major heart attack, Sten Sanjorge, Sr.  

 

Sanjorge, Sr., 65, of Centrum, Tethys was President Emeritus of GAStech International having founded the company in 1961. is survived by his wife Ingrid Sanjorge and his son Sten Sanjorge, Jr.

The World
PROMINENT BUSINESS, CIVIC LEADER DIES AT 65

17 February 1994

CENTRUM, Tethys - After four years of diminishing health following a major heart attack, Sten Sanjorge, Sr. died early Friday morning. 

Sanjorge, Sr., 65, of Centrum, Tethys was President Emeritus of GAStech International having founded the company in 1961. In addition to his role at GAStech International was the chairman of the Centrum Chamber board of directors and member of the Centrum Children's Hospital Board of Trustees. 

"Sten has always been a champion for the children of Tethys," said Hospital President Willem Gracias. "He was a true servant leader and endlessly worked to drive our institution forward. Sten will truly be missed and we ask that everyone keep the Sanjorge family in their thoughts and prayers."

Sanjorge, Sr. is survived by his wife Ingrid Sanjorge and his son Sten Sanjorge, Jr.

"A great light in this world has been extinguished, yet he still casts a shadow," said Sanjorge, Jr. "I vow to lead our company forward with a renewed vision and dignity that will honor my father's life and work."
