
World Journal

The perspicacity of an expert: prosperity as foreign PRESIDENT in Kronos 

2014/03/26
January 17, 1995



The Fluss hank is PRESIDENT de GAStech, the principal industry of Krono during more than 15 years, after its discovery of its immense gas layers close to the town of Elodis.

Fluss, functioned with dozen foreign Presidents during years. However, it has humble beginnings as a gas and oil prospector in Tethys. 

It spoke at times about the features about a chief successful in Kronos and which foreign Presidents can envisage in the market. 

Q: What the foreign Presidents can they wait when they come in Kronos?

A: the economic environment changed since the Eighties. It is much more difficult to succeed today. The foreign Presidents must play in bottom of their hopes. There is no easy victory in Kronos. Competition among Kronosian and foreign companies is hard. It is difficult to gain the hearts and the spirits of the population.

But there is less of difference than people think between the culture of Kronosian and, culture of Tethian of word. The personnel of Kronos function just like hard, they are respectful of their work and have the same desire for success. They can also appreciate the effective communication and a gifted chief.

Which foreign chief must make is to learn how to communicate the "manner of Kronosian" and to take time to include/understand their personnel.

Q: Can you work out?

A: There are many cultural differences while communicating. [To consider] notes. The foreign Presidents are always confused and frustrated when they send a note [with somebody in Kronos] and expect a simple response of yes/No Instead of that they obtain a very long answer which does not answer their initial question.

The people of Kronos do not like to take the responsability. They are frightened to lose their work and do not like to be forced in saying something which they do not want with. The foreign Presidents must take account of this and have to take time to include/understand how to communicate.

Patience is key. Transparency can be an excellent manner of coming to end this. It is a European value which Kronosians are very sensitive to. To impose on a company can transform with the voyage of a foreign President into Kronos an experiment much more pleasant.

Q: What the challenges of force are they a foreign PRESIDENT can they face on the arrival in Kronos?



A: Sometimes in fact the simplest things can be most provocative, like obtaining from A with B in a taxi. To be able to obtain around easily is taken for granted and not being able to make thus creates a great direction of the insecurity. In Kronos you are never sure if your driver drops to you to far with the address envisaged. This can seem as a small question but daily it is very tiring.

Another ends up knowing your team and with which you work. Just often foreign of stage of Presidents in addition to plane and in an office completely of the colleagues of Kronos. They do not have any idea which they are, how they work or as they qualified are. This can be muddling. 

The Presidents must take time to speak with their personnel, of the administrators to the drivers of truck and to include/understand their new environment before they test them and control.

Q: Can you give some ends on the way in which a foreign PRESIDENT can prepare?

A: the first thing that I would say is to prepare your family. They can find it difficult to adapt to the new environment of operation. This can affect the personal life. The family and the work of mixture are practical very current here. The people of Kronos work of overtime and socializes with their colleagues. It is very different from Tethys where there is a clear border between work and the family.

The foreign Presidents should also carry out how hard competition is and how much hard work must be put inside to succeed -- often much more than in their countries of origin. The language is a great question.

[But] anyhow much prepare you, the true experiment to work and to live in Kronos will always astonish you.

Q: How much difficult - or easy - is it to be a foreign PRESIDENT in Kronos?

A: Generally, I think that being a PRESIDENT is hard. There is much pressure, the environment is hard and it is difficult to find a balance with your personal life.

When a team of Kronos hears them that a PRESIDENT comes from overseas suppose it is a problem. But, culturelement they do not have a question with foreigners. 

Q: Are there situations in which to be a foreign director is really an advantage?

A: This question really depends on the person and how much they invest to include/understand the country and the culture. If they do not make any effort locate then it is a Net handicap. But in certain negotiations or certain questions such as the goods of luxury, the foreign Presidents can be an advantage. They can bring another point of view, facilitate the process.

Sometimes the foreign PRESIDENT with the best knowledge of an industry and can bring the access to the markets of overseas. This can be a tangible asset.


The Continent

The insight of an expert: thriving as foreign CEO in Kronos 

2014/03/26
17 January 1995



The strict Fluss are CEO of GAStech, the important industry of Krono more than 15 years, after its discovery of its immense gasvelden near the city of Elodis.

Fluss, have worked with dozens of foreign CEOs in the course of the years. However, he has records beginning as oil and gasprospector in Tethys. 

He spoke to The Times concerning the appetites of a successful LEADER in Kronos and which foreign CEOs in the market can expect. 

Q: What is possible foreign CEOs when they to Kronos expects come?

A: The economic environment has changed for the eighties. It is succeed much today more with difficulty. Foreign need CEOs their minimize expectations. There are easily none wins in Kronos. The competition under Kronosian and foreign firma's is tough. It is difficult the harten and win the opinions of the population.

But there is less difference than people between culture Kronosian think and, culture says Tethian. The staff work of Kronos like only hard, is they respectful of their work and has same the wish for success. They know also it how at to appreciate efficient communication and a gifted LEADER.

What a foreign LEADER must do is learns how at to communicate Kronosian to the manner and time to demand to understand their staff.

Q: Can you develop?

A: There are a lot of cultural differences in communicating. [Think] after memoranda. Foreign CEOs have been always confused and frustrated when they send a memorandum [to someone in Kronos] and simple ja/nee expect answer. In place of it they become a very long answer to that their initial question does not answer.

People of Kronos love the no responsibility to take. They are do be scared to lose their job and do not love in saying something are forced they to wants. Foreign need CEOs this take into account and the time to have demand to understand how at to communicate.

Patience is very important. Transparency can be an excellent get manner around this. It is a European value that Kronosians to very receptive is. Imposing in a company can turn foreign CEO into the travel in Kronos a more pleasant experience.

Q: What are the most important challenges foreign CEO can on arrival in Kronos under eyes see?



A: Sometimes it is the simple things that can be the challenge, such as getting A to B in a taxi. Are able round to be easily taken for granted and cannot do creërt this a large meaning of uncertainty. In Kronos are you never certainly as your driver you on the planned address sale. This is possible if a small question seems but on a daily basis it is very tiring.

Another get to know your team and which you work with. Frequently foreign CEOs staprecht of the plane and in an office peak of employees Kronos. They have no idea that they are, how they work or how qualified they are. This can be confusing. 

The need of CEOs demand the time to speak for their staff, of the administrators for the truck drivers and their new environment to understand before they try and them lead.

Q: Can you give a couple ends on how foreign CEO can preparations make?

A: The first thing which I am your prepare family would say. They can find it difficult to adapt to the new work surroundings. This can influence it personal life. Mixing family and the work is here very common practice. People of Kronos work overtime and socialiseren with their colleagues it is very differing from Tethys where there is a clear border between the work and family.

Foreign CEOs also must realize how tough are the competition and how much hard work must be introduced to succeed -- frequently much more than in their birth country. The language is a large question.

[But] no question how much you prepare, real experience will surprise in Kronos to work and live you always.

Q: How difficult - or easy - is it for foreign CEO in Kronos to be?

A: Generally, think I am CEO hard am. There is a lot very, is the environment tough and it is difficult find a balance with your personal life.

When a team hears Kronos that CEO come assume from overseas she is it a problem. But culturally they have no question with aliens. 

Q: There are situations in which it are a foreign staff employee in fact an advantage is?

A: This question depends really on the person and how much they invest to understand the country and culture. If they make no effort then to localize is it a net disadvantage. But in certain negotiations or certain questions such as luxegoederen, foreign CEOs can be an advantage. They can bring to a another view, the process to facilitate.

Sometimes foreign CEO better knowledge of the industry have and can access to markets overseas bring. This can be real assets.



Everyday News

Penetration of an expert: prospering like foreign CEO in Kronos 

2014/03/26
17 of January of 1995



The Fluss hank is CEO of GAStech, main industry of Krono by more than 15 years, after its discovery of its immense gas fields near the city of Elodis.

Fluss, has worked with dozens of foreign CEOs on the years. Nevertheless, it has humble principles like prospector of the oil and the gas in Tethys. 

He spoke to the times on the characteristics of a leader guessed right in Kronos and what foreign CEOs can hope in the market. 

Q:  What can foreign CEOs wait for when it comes to Kronos?

A: The economic atmosphere has changed from years 80. He is much more hard to be successful today. Foreign necessity of CEOs to play under its expectations. There are no easy triumphs in Kronos. The foreign competition between Kronosian and companies are resistant. It is difficult to gain the hearts and the minds of the population.

But there is less difference than people think between the culture of Kronosian and, culture of Tethian of the opinion. The personnel of Kronos works hardly like hardly, she is respectful of her work and has he himself desire for the success. Also they know to appreciate to the efficient communication and a talented leader.

What foreign leader needs to do it is to learn how to communicate the "way of Kronosian" and to take time to understand its personnel.

Q:  Can you elaborate?

A: There are many cultural differences in communicating. [Considerar] the notes. Foreign CEOs always confused and is frustrated when somebody in Kronos sends a note [] and counts on a simple answer of yes/no. In place they obtain a very long answer that it does not answer its initial question.

The people of Kronos do not have taste to take responsibility. They scare it to lose his works and she does not have taste of being forced in saying something that it does not wish a. Foreign necessity of CEOs to take this in consideration and to need to take the time to understand how to communicate.

The patience is key. The transparency can be an excellent way to obtain around this. It is an European value that Kronosians is very responsivo a. The imposition of him in a company can make the trip of a foreign CEO in Kronos a much more pleasant experience.

Q:  Which is the challenges of the pipe a foreign CEO can do in front on arrival in Kronos?



A: It is sometimes the simplest things that they can be desafiadoras, like obtaining of A to B in a taxi. The power to obtain around is taken easily for granted and not being able to do so it creates a great sense of the insecurity. In Kronos you never are safe if his conductor falls to him dull in the feasible line. This can look like as a small edition but on a daily base is very annoying.

Another one is becoming familiar with its equipment and with whom you are working. The often foreign right of the passage of CEOs of the plane and in an office completely of the fellow workers of Kronos. They do not have any idea that is, how they work or how they are described are. This can be confused. 



Q:  Can you give some extremities in how a foreign CEO can prepare yourself?

A: The first thing that would say is to prepare its family. They can find it difficult to adapt to the new surroundings of work. This can affect personal life. The family and the work who mix themselves are practical very common here. The people of Kronos work in extra hours and socialize with her colleagues. It is very different from Tethys where there is a clear limit between the work and the family.

Foreign CEOs must also make how he is resistant is the competition and how much hard work must be put inside to be successful -- often much more that in its countries of origin. The language is a great edition.

[But] does not concern you at the most is prepared, the true experience of the work and to live in Kronos it will always surprise to him.

Q:  How difficult - or easy - is to being a foreign CEO in Kronos?

A: Generally, I think that being a CEO he is hard. There are many of pressure, the atmosphere is resistant and is difficult to find a balance with its personal life.

When an equipment of hears them to Kronos that a CEO is coming from overseas assumes is a problem. But, cultural they do not have an edition with the foreigners. 

Q:  Hay the situations in which the foreign executive being is really an advantage?

A: This question really depends on the person and how much they invest to understand the country and the culture. If they do not deliver any attack then to locate he is a net one harms. But in certain negotiations or certain editions such as luxury merchandize, foreign CEOs can be an advantage. They can bring another point of view, facilitate the process.

The foreign CEO has better knowledge of an industry and can sometimes bring the access to the overseas markets. This can be true assets.

