
The Truth

Araullo announce the new construction of the hospital



1995/11/23


ABILA, Kronos - president Araullo kondigde today to that its government the construction of new, in a modern way general hospital plants Abila.  The old general hospital Abila, which is built in 1930, out-of-date health care facilities have in the past suffered and from many elektrobranden the decade.  The administrator hauled Trucco of the hospital praised government action saying, we have tried get financing to update our facilities many years', uselessly.  We have now lived on lent time for rather tijdje with the old boiler.  It pure luck has been none that the old little girl on our. has been lacking entirely



New general Abila 350 beds, will have a substantial improvement of the pure 100 beds of the current old-fashioned facility.  Moreover, it complete help lines area, traumatism and burn care entities, one psychiatric care wing, and have four ultra-modern surgical ranges.  In its notice of new construction, aforesaid is Araullo, our strategy for foreign investment strive large profitable.  This new hospital is first of a lot of projects which we are ijn= pursue to help our standard of living to promote and our life style to modernize.





Worldwise

Araullo announces the new construction of hospital



1995/11/22


ABILA, Kronos - President Araullo announced today that its government projects the construction again, modern hospital general of Abila.  The old hospital general of Abila, built in 1930, has the out-of-date equipment of health and suffered many electric fires in the last decade.  The administrator Torsten Trucco of hospital glorifi?the stating of the action of the government, "had tried us to obtain placing to update our equipment during years, in vain.  We had lived the hour borrowed during completely a moment maintaining with the old boiler.  It was a pure chance that the old maid did not fail on us completely."



New the general of Abila will have 350 beds, a substantial levelling of only the 100 beds of the obsolete service running.  Moreover, it will have a full service area of help, units of care of trauma and burn, a psychiatric wing of care, and four ultramodern surgical continuations.  In its advertisement of the new construction, said Araullo, "our strategy to go to the front of the foreign investment pay large dividends.  This new hospital is the first of many projects which we project to continue to help to improve our level the life and to modernize our life style."








Kronos Star
Araullo Announces New Hospital Construction
Donato Petri
21 November 1995

ABILA, Kronos - President Araullo announced today that his government is planning the construction of a new, modern Abila General Hospital.  The old Abila General Hospital, built in 1930, has outdated health care facilities and has suffered numerous electrical fires in the past decade.  Hospital Administrator Torsten Trucco lauded the government's action saying, "We've been trying to get funding to update our facilities for years, to no avail.  We have been living on borrowed time for quite a while now with the old boiler.  It's been pure luck that the old girl hasn't failed on us completely."

The new Abila General will have 350 beds, a substantial upgrade from the mere 100 beds of the current antiquated facility.  Additionally, it will have a full emergency services area, trauma and burn care units, a psychiatric care wing, and four ultra-modern surgical suites.  In his announcement of the new construction, Araullo said, "Our strategy of courting foreign investment is paying great dividends.  This new hospital is the first of many projects we plan to pursue to help upgrade our standard of living and modernize our lifestyle."




The Guide

Araullo announces the new construction of the hospital



1995/11/23


ABILA, Kronos - president Araullo announced today that his government is planning the construction of a new general hospital, modern of Abila.  The old general hospital of Abila, constructed in 1930, has old fashioned facilities of the medical care and has undergone numerous electrical fires in the last decade.  The administrator Torsten Trucco of the hospital praised will refrán of the action of the government, "we has been trying to be able of financing to bring up to date our facilities per years, uselessly.  We have been living in the hour lent by absolutely awhile now with the old boiler.  It has been the pure luck that the old girl has not failed in us totally."



The new general of Abila will have 350 beds, a substantial improvement of the 100 mere beds of the present old fashioned facility.  In addition, he will have a complete area of services of emergency, units of the care of the trauma and the burn, a psychiatric wing of the care, and four ultramodern surgical rooms.  In his warning of the new construction, said Araullo, "our strategy to court the foreign investment he is paying great dividends.  This new hospital is the first one of many projects that we glided to persecute to help to increase our standard to live and to modernize our form of life."









International News

Araullo Announces New Hospital Construction 

 

1995/11/21
 

ABILA, Kronos - President Araullo announced today that his government is planning the construction of a new, modern Abila General Hospital.  The old Abila General Hospital, built in 1930, has outdated health care facilities and has suffered numerous electrical fires in the past decade.  Hospital Administrator Torsten Trucco lauded the government's action saying, "We've been trying to get funding to update our facilities for years, to no avail.  Additionally, it will have a full emergency services area, trauma and burn care units, a psychiatric care wing, and four ultra-modern surgical suites.  In his announcement of the new construction, Araullo said, "Our strategy of courting foreign investment is paying great dividends.  This new hospital is the first of many projects we plan to pursue to help upgrade our standard of living and modernize our lifestyle."





News Online Today

Araullo Announces New Hospital Construction 

 

1995/11/22
 

ABILA, Kronos - President Araullo announced today that his government is planning the construction of a new, modern Abila General Hospital.  The old Abila General Hospital, built in 1930, has outdated health care facilities and has suffered numerous electrical fires in the past decade.  This new hospital is the first of many projects we plan to pursue to help upgrade our standard of living and modernize our lifestyle."

