Kronos Star
Tiskele Bend Gas Fields Larger Than First Thought
Donato Petri
13 March 1996

ABILA, Kronos - A press release from the Ministry of Interior today announced that the Tiskele Bend gas fields could be as much as 5 times larger than originally estimated.  When we contacted Minister Sarto's office for comment, he said, "We were astounded by the results of GAStech's recent survey of Tiskele Bend.  I mean, this is just huge for the people of Kronos.  We have already undertaken several large improvement projects like the port expansion and the new hospital that we would not otherwise have been able to do because of the taxes we are seeing from our foreign investments.  This news almost assures we'll be able to reap those same dividends for decades to come!"

It goes without saying that President Araullo's plan to lure foreign investment has been a defining moment in our history.  One hopes that those who had been so shortsighted as to oppose his plan have finally come to their senses.  We will say what they are too proud to say: Thank you, Mr. President. 




The Guide

The gas fields of the curve of Tiskele more to a great extent than first thought



1996/03/15


ABILA, Kronos - a launching of press of the Department of the Interior announced today that the gas fields of the curve of Tiskele could as much be as considered 5 times more to a great extent than originally.  When we made contact with enemy with the office of Sarto of the minister for the commentary, he said, "we were astonished by the results of the survey on recent GAStech of the curve of Tiskele.  I mean, this I am hardly enormous for the people of Kronos.  We have already undertaken several great projects of the improvement like the harbor extension and the new hospital that we could not of another way to do due to the taxes that we are seeing of our foreign investments.  These news almost assure to us will be able to harvest those same dividends per decades to come"



They are evident that the plan of president Araullo to deceive the foreign investment has been a little while that it defined in our history.  One hopes that those that had been so myopic as far as they oppose his plan finally have come to their senses.  We will say which is too proud to say: Thanks, Mr. president. 









News Online Today

Tiskele Bend Gas Fields Larger Than First Thought 

 

1996/03/14
 

ABILA, Kronos - A press release from the Ministry of Interior today announced that the Tiskele Bend gas fields could be as much as 5 times larger than originally estimated.  When we contacted Minister Sarto's office for comment, he said, "We were astounded by the results of GAStech's recent survey of Tiskele Bend.

Worldwise

The gas layers of curve of Tiskele thought more mainly than the first time



1996/03/14


ABILA, Kronos - a press release of the ministry for the interior announced today that the gas layers of curve of Tiskele could be less 5 times more mainly than in the beginning not estimated.  When we came into contact with the office of Sarto of minister for the comment says it "we were astonished by the results by the recent investigation by GAStech by the curve by Tiskele.  I want to say, this is simply enormous for the people of Kronos.  We already undertook several great projects of improvement like the left expansion and the new hospital which we could not differently have made because of the taxes that we see of our foreign investments.  This news ensures us almost will be able to collect these same dividends during decades to come!"



They go from oneself that the plan of the President Araullo' S to delude the foreign investment was one moment defining in our history.  It is hoped that those which had been so short-sighted as for oppose to its plan finally came to their directions.  We will say what they are too proud of saying: Thank you, Mr. chair. 









International News

Tiskele Bend Gas Fields Larger Than First Thought 

 

1996/03/14
 

ABILA, Kronos - A press release from the Ministry of Interior today announced that the Tiskele Bend gas fields could be as much as 5 times larger than originally estimated.  When we contacted Minister Sarto's office for comment, he said, "We were astounded by the results of GAStech's recent survey of Tiskele Bend.  We have already undertaken several large improvement projects like the port expansion and the new hospital that we would not otherwise have been able to do because of the taxes we are seeing from our foreign investments.  This news almost assures we'll be able to reap those same dividends for decades to come!"  One hopes that those who had been so shortsighted as to oppose his plan have finally come to their senses.

