News Online Today

GASTECH SHIFTS FOCUS TO KRONOS 

 

1996/07/08
 

CENTRUM, Tethys - GAStech International has shifted its focus from Tethys to the small Mediterranean island of Kronos and the vast gas deposits beneath the ground.

The World
GASTECH SHIFTS FOCUS TO KRONOS

7 July 1996

CENTRUM, Tethys - GAStech International has shifted its focus from Tethys to the small Mediterranean island of Kronos and the vast gas deposits beneath the ground.

Recent charges of groundwater contamination against GAStech International and tightening environmental regulations lead by the Tethan Interior Minister, Ivar Blanes, certainly play into the shifting focus. 

With environmental regulation lax to nonexistent in Kronos and a friendly local government, GAStech's move feels inevitable in hindsight. 

The Light of Truth

GASTECH SHIFTS THE HEARTH WITH KRONOS



1996/07/08


CENTRUM, Tethys - international GAStech shifted its hearth of Tethys in the small Mediterranean island of Kronos and the vast gas layers under the ground.



The recent expenses of the subsoil water contamination against international GAStech and tightening environmental payments carry out by the interior minister of Tethan, Ivar Blanes, certainly play in the hearth of shift. 



With slackened lawful environmental with non-existent in Kronos and a friendly local government, the movement of GAStech is smelled inevitable retrospectively. 



The Tulip

GASTECH THE EMPHASIS OF SHIFTS TO KRONOS



1996/07/09


CENTER, Tethys - international GAStech its emphasis of Tethys has moved Kronos to the small Mediterranean island and the enormous gas deposits under the ground.



The recent charges of groundwater pollution against international and quoting GAStech environment regulation lead by the Tethan internal minister, plays certainly Ivar Blanes in the moving emphasis. 



With environment legislation separately to onbestaand in Kronos and a friendly local government, the movement of GAStech feels afterwards seen inevitably. 



The General Post

GASTECH CHANGES OF POSITION THE CENTER TO KRONOS



1996/07/08


CENTER, Tethys - international GAStech has changed of position its center of Tethys to the small Mediterranean island of Kronos and to the extensive deposits of the gas underneath the Earth.



The recent loads of contamination of the underground water against international GAStech and that tightens environmental regulations lead by the inner minister of Tethan, Ivar Blanes, certainly game in the center that it changes of position. 



With loose of nonexisting environmental rule to in Kronos and a friendly local government, the movement of GAStech feels inevitable in the retrospección. 



