Central Bulletin

GOVERNMENT CITES 'MINOR' CONTAMINATION NEAR ELODIS 

 

1997/10/16
 

ABILA, Kronos - After continued complaints and appeals from the people of Elodis government officials acknowledge minor contamination in and around the rural township in a report on their investigation into the townspeople's health issues. However, the government report stops short of blaming GAStech International and its Tiskele Bend site 20 km upstream as the people of Elodis assert.  

 

The government report cites no root cause or causes can be determined at this time with more research and investigations needed. 

 

Though the report admits some contamination it goes on the qualify the level stating, "The minor level of contamination is well within international health standards agreed upon by the Government of Kronos and GAStech International as negotiated in the Tiskele Bend site contract."

News Online Today

GOVERNMENT CITES 'MINOR' CONTAMINATION NEAR ELODIS 

 

1997/10/15
 

ABILA, Kronos - After continued complaints and appeals from the people of Elodis government officials acknowledge minor contamination in and around the rural township in a report on their investigation into the townspeople's health issues. However, the government report stops short of blaming GAStech International and its Tiskele Bend site 20 km upstream as the people of Elodis assert.

Athena Speaks

GOVERNMENT ISCED "MINOR" CONTAMINATION CLOSE TO ELODIS



1997/10/17


ABILA, Kronos - after complaints and the continuous calls of the people of the civils servant of government of Elodis recognize the minor contamination in and around the rural black suburbs in a report/ratio on their research on the questions of the health of the townsmen. However, the report/ratio of government stops before blaming international GAStech and its site of curve of Tiskele 20 kilometers of ascending as the people of Elodis affirm. 



The report/ratio of government does not quote any cause of root or of the causes can be given at this time with more necessary research and investigations. Indeed, the "pointing of a finger of blame currently would be precipitated and most probably harmful with research."



Although the report/ratio admits contamination which it goes on the qualification the statement of level, "the minor level of the contamination is completely in conformity with international standards of health agreed by the government of international Kronos and GAStech as negotiated in the contract of site of curve of Tiskele."



The government of Kronos continues to offer to determine well the interested residents of Elodis like plans to study more far the causes from root of the diseases in and around the black suburbs. 

The Abila Post
GOVERNMENT CITES 'MINOR' CONTAMINATION NEAR ELODIS

15 October 1997

ABILA, Kronos - After continued complaints and appeals from the people of Elodis government officials acknowledge minor contamination in and around the rural township in a report on their investigation into the townspeople's health issues. However, the government report stops short of blaming GAStech International and its Tiskele Bend site 20 km upstream as the people of Elodis assert. 

The government report cites no root cause or causes can be determined at this time with more research and investigations needed. Indeed, "pointing a finger of blame at this time would be hasty and most likely detrimental to the investigation."

Though the report admits some contamination it goes on the qualify the level stating, "The minor level of contamination is well within international health standards agreed upon by the Government of Kronos and GAStech International as negotiated in the Tiskele Bend site contract."

The Government of Kronos continues to offer well testing for concerned residents of Elodis as well as plans to further investigate the root causes of the illnesses in and around the township. 
News Desk

LESS IMPORTANT POLLUTION OF THE GOVERNMENT OF CITES NEAR ELODIS



1997/10/17


ABILA, Kronos - after constant complaints and profession of people of government Elodis the civil servants recognize less important pollution in and around the rural municipality in a report concerning their research of the health questions of the town stadslui. However, the ends of the government report suddenly of upstream accusing international GAStech and are place of bending Tiskele 20 km such as people of Elodis claim. 



The government report obtains no carrot cause to or the causes are possible on this moment with more necessary research and examine are stipulated. Aiming a finger of debt on this moment hasty and most likely detrimental to the research. to be, as it happens,



Although the report what pollution allows it on goes level qualifies explaining, the less important level of pollution is well within international gezondheidsnormen which on by the government of Kronos and GAStech are approved internationally such as those in the contract of bending Tiskele are negotiated.



The government of Kronos continues offer well testing for residents concerned of Elodis as well as is of plan examine the carrot causes of the sicknesses in and around the municipality further. 

The Explainer

THE GOVERNMENT MENTIONS THE CONTAMINATION "OF SMALLER IMPORTANCE" NEAR ELODIS



1997/10/16


ABILA, Kronos - after the complaints and the continued pleas of the people of the officials of the government of Elodis recognize the contamination of smaller importance in and around the rural municipality in a report on their investigation in editions of the health of the citizens. Nevertheless, the report of the government just stops before blaming of international GAStech and its site of the curve of Tiskele 20 kilometers of by waters above as the people of Elodis affirm. 



The report of the government does not mention any cause by the root or the causes can be determined in this time with more investigation and needed investigations. In fact, "to indicate a finger of the fault in this time it would be precipitated and more likely detrimental to the investigation."



Although the report admits a certain contamination that goes in the qualification the level indication, "the level of smaller importance of the contamination is in conformity with the international standards of the health been suitable upon by the government of international Kronos and GAStech according to the negotiated thing in the contract of the site of the curve of Tiskele."



The government of Kronos so continues offering either the test for the residents in a matter of Elodis or as plans to far investigate the more the causes by the root of the diseases in and around the municipality. 

