News Online Today

POSSIBLE CONTAMINATION IN ELODIS  

 

1997/04/24
 

ELODIS, Kronos - About 25 km West of Abila is the small rural township of Elodis, situated on the Tiskele River. Roughly 20 km upstream is the Tiskele Bend site operated by GAStech International on government-owned land.

News Desk

POSSIBLE POLLUTION IN ELODIS 



1997/04/25


ELODIS, Kronos - approximately 25 km at west of Abila are the small rural municipality of Elodis, to the river Tiskele located. Roughly speaking 20 km are upstream the place of bending Tiskele which is put by GAStech international on state country in functioning. The town stadslui require the place the country and water sick pollutes making their people.



In a declaration the government of Kronos has denied that the place of bending Tiskele the source of any pollution is insisting that both the aardgas and it boring process. clean is the declaration went, further as our people we help them well become sick be. We will do the source of their kwalen find and what is required to solve the problem. That is the duty of government: to protect its people.



Pour sa part, international mean GAStech entirely with the government since to cooperate it has had since the beginning of their proportion. 

Athena Speaks

POSSIBLE CONTAMINATION IN ELODIS 



1997/04/24


ELODIS, Kronos - approximately 25 kilometers in the west of Abila are the small rural black suburbs of Elodis, located on the river of Tiskele. Roughly 20 kilometers of ascending are the site of curve of Tiskele actuated by GAStech International on the ground of state-owned property. The townsmen claim the site soil the ground and water making their patient of people.



In a report/ratio the government of Kronos denied that the site of curve of Tiskele is the source of any contamination insisting on the fact that the two "natural gases and the process of drilling are clean." The report/ratio continued, "if our people are sick will help them to us to obtain well. We will find the source of their evils and will make what is required to solve the problem. It is the duty of the government: to protect its people."



For its part, international GAStech envisages to cooperate entirely with the government like it has since the beginning of their report/ratio. 

The Explainer

POSSIBLE CONTAMINATION IN ELODIS 



1997/04/25


ELODIS, Kronos - near 25 kilometers to the west of Abila they are the small rural municipality of Elodis, located in the river of Tiskele. Rough 20 kilometers of by waters above are the site of the curve of Tiskele worked by GAStech International in governmental earth. The citizens demand the site are contaminating the Earth and the water that makes their patient of people.



In a declaration the government of Kronos has denied that the site of the curve of Tiskele is the source of any contamination that insists that ambo the "natural gas and the process that it perforates they are clean." The declaration continued, "if our people are ill we aid to obtain to them well. We will find the source of its ailments and will do what is required to solve the problem. That one is to have of the government: in order to protect its people."



For its part, international GAStech is preput to cooperate completely with the government as it has from the beginning of his relation. 

The Abila Post
POSSIBLE CONTAMINATION IN ELODIS 

23 April 1997

ELODIS, Kronos - About 25 km West of Abila is the small rural township of Elodis, situated on the Tiskele River. Roughly 20 km upstream is the Tiskele Bend site operated by GAStech International on government-owned land. Townspeople claim the site is contaminating the land and water making their people sick.

In a statement the government of Kronos has denied that the Tiskele Bend site is the source of any contamination insisting that both "natural gas and the drilling process are clean." The statement continued, "If our people are sick we will help them get well. We will find the source of their ailments and do what is required to solve the problem. That is the duty of government: to protect its people."

For its part, GAStech International intends to cooperate fully with the government as it has since the beginning of their relationship. 
