All News Today

ELODIS, KRONOS:  A TOWN IN NEED, Part One 

Petrus Gerhard 

1998/03/20
 

NOTE: This article is the first in a series, reprinted with permission from the Homeland Illumination. 

 

This article is the first installment of a three-part series addressing the growing problem of one community's anguish, government malfeasance, and the alarming influence of multinational corporations on the country of Kronos. 

ELODIS, Kronos - Nestled in the bend of the Tiskele River, the sun rises over the farming town of Elodis,  chasing away the shadows cloaking nearby Mt.  Today, as they have every day for over 250 years, residents will rise to tend the rich floodplain land that provides nourishment for the People of Kronos. 

Two weeks prior I received an email from an old friend, Pondo Reese, now the editor of the Elodis Weekly Journal, an agriculture paper serving the community around Tiskele Bend.  "The gas company had been built a few years back in '94, and our problems didn't start right away. 

The change turned out to be GAStech International, an international corporation run by Sten Sanjorge Jr, a business tycoon out of Tethys. 

Established in 1961, the GAStech corporation began as a family-owned business providing local trucking services in Tethys.  The two founders - Sten Sanjorge Sr and Hank Fluss - found wildcat drilling to be more lucrative, and thus began a series of environmental disasters and financial scandals that eventually ran Sanjorge Sr into an early grave and drove Fluss into a marginal role in his own company.  With the death of Sanjorge Sr, the son took the helm of GAStech firmly in his grasp and broadened its influence further afield, eventually landing at the doorstep of the small peaceful township of Elodis. 

With a population of 6500, most residents of Elodis live in one- and two-story houses on small farms.  A smaller number of families live in the township along a main street with two markets, two hardware stores, one gas station and a cafÿ¿¿¿¿¿here you can buy lunch, pick up your mail and purchase a litre of milk to bring home.  Families have lived in Elodis for generations. 

"We've made a good living for a long time," Reese tells me. 

I asked Reese to help me meet the people whose lives have been impacted by GAStech's operations.   

I caught up with Henk Bodrogi in town making purchases at the Osvaldo hardware store to repair a broken tractor.  Bodrogi has farmed soybeans his entire life, as did his father and their fathers.



Daily Pegasus

ELODIS, KRONOS:  A CITY IN the NECESSITY, divides one



1998/03/21


This article is the first installation of a series of three parts that deals with the problem every greater time an anguish of the community, the criminal fact of the government, and the alarming influence of multinational corporations in the country of Kronos.

ELODIS, Kronos - Nestled in the curve of the river of Tiskele, the sun rises excessive the city that cultivates of Elodis, persecuting far the shades that disguise TM. next Bouro.  Today, as they have newspaper by more than 250 years, the residents will rise to tend to the rich Earth of floodplain that provides the food for the people of Kronos.

Two weeks I previously received an email of an old friend, Pondo Reese, now the editor of the weekly newspaper of Elodis, a paper of the agriculture that served to the community around the curve of Tiskele. In his email it described once generous region now caused sorrow by the contamination, fighting to find solutions to a worsening problem.  He decided to investigate.

"We did not make the connection at the outset," Reese we said to me when I satisfied with him in its office.  "The company of the gas had been posteriora part of some years constructed in '94, and our problems did not begin immediately.   After a pair of harvests, we saw a declination in the production.   We think that perhaps hiccup was right, and the things would obtain better.  Then when obtaining begun the cabritos ill we done one more a glance harder what could have changed. "

The change turned out to be international GAStech, an international corporation directed by Sten Sanjorge Jr, tycoon of the business outside Tethys.

Established in 1961, the corporation of GAStech began like had business family who provided services that carried the premises in Tethys.  Both founders - Mr. and hank Fluss de Sten Sanjorge - perforating savage found to being more lucrative, and began therefore a series of environmental disasters and financial scandals that worked Mr. de Sanjorge in an early tomb and lead possible Fluss in a marginal paper in their own company.  With the death of Mr. de Sanjorge, the son took the rudder from GAStech firmly in his grasping and widened his influence more far to the distant spot, possible landing in the threshold of small the Pacific municipality of Elodis.

With a population of 6500, most of the residents of Elodis they live in houses one and on two-history in small farms.  A smaller number of families lives in the municipality throughout a main street with two markets, two warehouses of the hardware, a powerboat and a coffee where you can buy lunch, take his mail and buy a liter of milk to bring the home.  The families have lived in Elodis for the generations.

"We have made a good life during long time," Reese we say to me. "The population has been increasing constantly.  The vegetal production has been good.  For most, the cabritos have not gone away for the city as they have in many of other rural places.  We have many of earth that could still be developed. There was a future for them here."

I requested Reese to help me to satisfy the people who lives have been affected by the operations of GAStech.  It introduced a farmer to he who family had here been for several generations.  

I took for above with Henk Bodrogi in the city that made purchases in the warehouse of the hardware of Osvaldo to repair an broken tractor.  Bodrogi has cultivated the soybeans its whole life, like its father and his parents. I asked to him about its life in the farm.

Part two will be published the 25 of April of 1998



News Online Today

ELODIS, KRONOS:  A TOWN IN NEED, Part One 

Petrus Gerhard 

1998/03/20
 

NOTE: This article is the first in a series, reprinted with permission from the Homeland Illumination. 

ELODIS, Kronos - Nestled in the bend of the Tiskele River, the sun rises over the farming town of Elodis,  chasing away the shadows cloaking nearby Mt.  The two founders - Sten Sanjorge Sr and Hank Fluss - found wildcat drilling to be more lucrative, and thus began a series of environmental disasters and financial scandals that eventually ran Sanjorge Sr into an early grave and drove Fluss into a marginal role in his own company.  With the death of Sanjorge Sr, the son took the helm of GAStech firmly in his grasp and broadened its influence further afield, eventually landing at the doorstep of the small peaceful township of Elodis.  A smaller number of families live in the township along a main street with two markets, two hardware stores, one gas station and a cafÿ¿¿¿¿¿here you can buy lunch, pick up your mail and purchase a litre of milk to bring home.  Families have lived in Elodis for generations.

The Wrap

ELODIS, KRONOS:  A CITY IN NEED, part 



1998/03/21


This Article is the first advance of a three-part range the tackling growing problem of one fear of the community, government indictable offense, and the alarming influence of multinational companies on the country of Kronos.

ELODIS, Kronos - Nestled in the bending of the river Tiskele, the sun increase concerning the agriculture city of Elodis, gone pursuing those surrounding Mt shadow. Bouro cloaking.  Today, since they each day more than 250 years, the residents will increase to tend that the rich alluvial area country feeding for people of Kronos supplies.

Two weeks in former days I received a e-mail of an old friend, Pondo Reese, now the editor of the Elodis weekly day book, an agriculture document that the community serve round bending Tiskele. In its e-mail he described an once abundant area that now it is agitated by pollution, which solutions to a worsening problem wrestle to find.  I decided to examine.

We did not make the connection firstly, Reese told me then I him on its office met.  The gasbedrijf built a couple had been year back in 94, and our problems had started not rechtsweg.   After a couple harvests, we saw a fall in production.   We thought perhaps the only hiccup were, and improve the things would become.  Then the young young she-goats sick to be then started took we a harder can at what could changed be. 

The change proved to be international GAStech, an international company that by Sten Sanjorge Jr, bedrijfstycoon from Tethys in functioning are put.

Established in 1961, the company GAStech started had as a family matter which grants the local exchanging services in Tethys.  The two founders - SR and strict Fluss van Sten Sanjorge - found more profitable onbetrouwbare drilling to be, and started this way with a range environment calamities and financial scandals which Sanjorge eventual SR in an early sepulchre in functioning floated stalks and Fluss in a marginal role in its own company.  With the death of Sanjorge SR, the zoon took the rudder firmly of GAStech in its seizure and broadened its influence further far gone, eventually landing at the threshold of the small peaceful municipality of Elodis.

With a population of 6500, the most of residents of Elodis one imagine oneself themselves and twee-verhaal live on small agriculture companies.  A smaller number of families lives in the municipality along a head street with two markets, two hardware rises, one gaspost and a caf?where you buy lunch, can take your mail and a liter buys milk to house to bring.  The families have lived in Elodis for generations.

We have made a good for a long time living, Reese tell me. The population gestadig have increased.  The production of the plant has been well.  Mainly, the young young she-goats have not left for the city since they have a lot in other rural places.  We have a lot country which could be still developed. There was a future here for them.

I asked Reese me to help people meet it of who life has been influenced by the verrichtingen of GAStech.  He introduced me to a farmer of whom family had been here for different generations.  

I obtained Henk Bodrogi which in city in purchases make at the hardware rise of Osvaldo to repair a broken motor tractor.  Bodrogi have soya broad beans complete life have been treated, such as its father and their fathers. I asked him concerning its life on the agriculture company.

Share two 25 April, 1998 are published





The Orb

ELODIS, KRONOS:  A CITY IN the NEED, part one



1998/03/20


This article is the first installment of a series in three parts addressing the problem growing of an anguish of the community, the embezzlement of government, and influences it alarming at the multinational multinationals on the country of Kronos.

ELODIS, Kronos - nested in the curve of the river of Tiskele, the sun rises surplus the cultivatrice city of Elodis, driving out far the shades masking the millitorr close Bouro.  Today, because they have daily during more than 250 years, the residents will rise to tighten the rich ground of floodplain which provides the food for the people of Kronos.

Two weeks before I received an email of an old friend, Pondo Reese, maintaining the writer of the weekly newspaper of Elodis, a paper of agriculture serving the community around the curve of Tiskele. In its email it described once beneficial area now afflicted by the contamination, fighting to find solutions with a problem of deterioration.  I decided to study.

"We did not draw up the report/ratio at the beginning," Reese said to me when I met him at his office.  "The gas company had been back of a few years established in '94, and our problems did not start immediately.   After a couple of the harvests, we saw a decline in the production.   We thought that perhaps it was right a hoquet, and the things would be better.  Then when to fall started with problem childs threw us a harder glance with what could have changed. "?

The change proved to be international GAStech, an international company directed by Sten Sanjorge Jr, a big businessman of businesses out of Tethys.

Bench in 1961, the company of GAStech started like businesses had by family providing of the local services of haulage in Tethys.  The two founders - Sr and hank Fluss de Sten Sanjorge - wild drilling found with being more lucrative, and thus began a series of environmental disasters and scandals financial which ran thereafter Sr of Sanjorge in a tomb early and led Fluss in a marginal role to its own company.  With the death of Sr of Sanjorge, the son took the bar of GAStech firmly in his catch and widened his influence further with far, thereafter unloading with the threshold of the small peaceful black suburbs of Elodis.

With a population of 6500, the majority of the residents of Elodis live in houses one and of two-history to small farms.  A smaller number of families live in the black suburbs along a principal street with two markets, two stores of material, a gas station and a coffee where you can buy the lunch, take your mail and buy one liter of milk to bring the house.  The families lived in Elodis for generations.

"We made for a long time a good life," Reese says to me. "The population had firmly increased.  The vegetable production was good.  For the majority, the children did not leave for the city as they have in many of other rural places.  We have much ground which could still be developed. There was a future for them here."

I asked Reese to help me to meet the people whose lives were carried out by the operations of GAStech' S. It presented to me at a farmer whose family had been here for several generations.  

I caught up with myself compared to Henk Bodrogi downtown making of the purchases to the store of material of Osvaldo to repair a broken tractor.  Bodrogi cultivated soya its life whole, just as his/her father and their fathers. I questioned it about his life with the farm.

The part two will be published on April 25, 1998



Homeland Illumination
ELODIS, KRONOS:  A TOWN IN NEED, Part One
Petrus Gerhard
19 March 1998

This article is the first installment of a three-part series addressing the growing problem of one community's anguish, government malfeasance, and the alarming influence of multinational corporations on the country of Kronos.
ELODIS, Kronos - Nestled in the bend of the Tiskele River, the sun rises over the farming town of Elodis,  chasing away the shadows cloaking nearby Mt. Bouro.  Today, as they have every day for over 250 years, residents will rise to tend the rich floodplain land that provides nourishment for the People of Kronos.
Two weeks prior I received an email from an old friend, Pondo Reese, now the editor of the Elodis Weekly Journal, an agriculture paper serving the community around Tiskele Bend. In his email he described a once bountiful region now distressed by contamination, struggling to find solutions to a worsening problem.  I decided to investigate.
"We didn't make the connection at first," Reese told me when I met with him at his office.  "The gas company had been built a few years back in '94, and our problems didn't start right away.   After a couple of harvests, we saw a decline in the production.   We thought perhaps it was just a hiccup, and things would get better.  Then when the kids started getting sick we took a harder look at what could have changed."
The change turned out to be GAStech International, an international corporation run by Sten Sanjorge Jr, a business tycoon out of Tethys.
Established in 1961, the GAStech corporation began as a family-owned business providing local trucking services in Tethys.  The two founders - Sten Sanjorge Sr and Hank Fluss - found wildcat drilling to be more lucrative, and thus began a series of environmental disasters and financial scandals that eventually ran Sanjorge Sr into an early grave and drove Fluss into a marginal role in his own company.  With the death of Sanjorge Sr, the son took the helm of GAStech firmly in his grasp and broadened its influence further afield, eventually landing at the doorstep of the small peaceful township of Elodis.
With a population of 6500, most residents of Elodis live in one- and two-story houses on small farms.  A smaller number of families live in the township along a main street with two markets, two hardware stores, one gas station and a caf?where you can buy lunch, pick up your mail and purchase a litre of milk to bring home.  Families have lived in Elodis for generations.
"We've made a good living for a long time," Reese tells me. "The population has been steadily increasing.  Crop production has been good.  For the most part, kids haven't left for the city as they have in a lot of other rural places.  We have a lot of land that could yet be developed. There was a future for them here."
I asked Reese to help me meet the people whose lives have been impacted by GAStech's operations.  He introduced me to a farmer whose family had been here for several generations.  
I caught up with Henk Bodrogi in town making purchases at the Osvaldo hardware store to repair a broken tractor.  Bodrogi has farmed soybeans his entire life, as did his father and their fathers. I asked him about his life on the farm.
Part Two will be published April 25, 1998

