Worldwise

Advantages of Kronos of foreign investment



1998/01/19


ABILA, Kronos - is today the fifth birthday of the visionary plan of the President Araullo' S to bring the foreign investment to Kronos, a daring act which derived the enormous advantages for our country right.  Abila of today is a metropolis activating new cars completely, of new construction, brilliant buildings of office, and modern suitabilities.  Went potholed of the streets, weak factories, front of store tired, and sad markets of the past.  Abila of today is a town of industry, a place of trade and investment, of a place of occasion and success.  Prosperity came in Kronos, and we are very better for him.



However, there remain those which think incorrectly that prosperity is bad for us.  These people claim that the foreign investment is bad for our country, that which it dilutes our culture and undermines our values.  They claim that the foreigners exploit us for their own profit and that our government makes consider little for the wellbeing of our people.  They are so militant in their false-directed belief which they manufactured claims that the alien companies poison our children with their technology.  They even went as much as to have brought the foreign "experts" who it complaint "have our best interests in the middle" helping to draw aside their agenda against progress and prosperity for our people.  Hypocrisy to bring the foreigners to say to us that the opening of our country the abroads is bad for us is laughable and is obviously a sign of psychosis in those which are opposed to our modernization. 









News Online Today

Kronos Benefits from Foreign Investment 

 

1998/01/19
 

ABILA, Kronos - Today is the fifth anniversary of President Araullo's visionary plan to bring foreign investment to Kronos, a bold act that has reaped tremendous benefits for our fair country.  These people claim that foreign investment is bad for our country, that it is diluting our culture and undermining our values.  The hypocrisy of bringing in foreigners to tell us that opening our country to foreigners is bad for us is ludicrous and is obviously a sign of mental illness in those who oppose our modernization.



Kronos Star
Kronos Benefits from Foreign Investment
Lelio Masin
18 January 1998

ABILA, Kronos - Today is the fifth anniversary of President Araullo's visionary plan to bring foreign investment to Kronos, a bold act that has reaped tremendous benefits for our fair country.  Today's Abila is a bustling metropolis full of new cars, new construction, gleaming office buildings, and modern conveniences.  Gone are the potholed streets, run-down factories, tired storefronts, and sad marketplaces of the past.  Today's Abila is a city of industry, a place of commerce and investment, a place of opportunity and success.  Prosperity has come to Kronos, and we are all the better for it.

However, there are still those who wrongly think that prosperity is bad for us.  These people claim that foreign investment is bad for our country, that it is diluting our culture and undermining our values.  They claim that the foreigners are exploiting us for their own gain and that our government has little regard for the welfare of our people.  They are so militant in their wrong-headed beliefs that they have fabricated claims that the foreign companies are poisoning our children with their technology.  They have even gone so far as to have brought in foreign "experts" who claim to "have our best interests at heart" to help spread their agenda against progress and prosperity for our people.  The hypocrisy of bringing in foreigners to tell us that opening our country to foreigners is bad for us is ludicrous and is obviously a sign of mental illness in those who oppose our modernization. 




The Truth

The advantages of Kronos of foreign investment



1998/01/19


ABILA, Kronos - today the fifth anniversary of the unrealistic plan of president Araullo's is foreign investment to Kronos, a hazardous bring operation which has harvested enormous fruit for our honest country.  Abila of today are busy metropolis peak of new cars, new construction, gleaming office bldg., and modern freedoms.  Potholed streets, tired lowering factories, storefronts, and sad markets of the past have gone.  Abila of today are a city of the industry, a place of trade and investment, a place of chance and success.  Prosperity has come to Kronos, and we are already better for.



However, there are still they that think found oneself that the prosperity for our bad is.  These people claim that the foreign investment for our country is bad that it dilutes our culture and undermines our values.  They claim that the aliens develop us for their own acquisition and that our government has little regard for the well-being of our people.  They are this way militant in their wrong-headed believe which they have manufactured claim that the foreign companies poison our children with their technology.  They are even to in foreign experts will have brought whom requirement our best interests with heart have to help their agenda against progress and prosperity for our people to spread out.  The schijnheiligheid of bringing in aliens our to tell that open of our country for aliens for our bad is ludicrous and is clearly a sign of mental sickness is in they which resists himself our modernization. 



Worldwise

The activists disturb the traffic close to the fields of curve of Tiskele



2001/09/01




ABILA, Kronos - five young people were stopped yesterday to protest close to the entry to the fields of curve of Tiskele while they claimed the action of government to address their environmental concern concerning the operations of GAStech to the site.  The protestateurs, members of the activist group "guards of Kronos", held reading of signs: "Drilling poisoned our water" and "to remember Juliana", referring to 10 years Juliana Vann, which became an icon for the guards of Kronos since his death in 1998.  The protestateurs were stopped after a young man threw his sign with a vehicle of government, splitting his window and frightening the occupants.  To maintain the order Carman d' Adrien of spokesman known as of the arrests, "we decided to close the protest before the members of POK climbed more with violence.  They obtained enough animated outside there."



"These "guards of Kronos" are really a minority of fringe of people against the extraction of fossile fuels in our country," said Gurganus carmine of spokesman of government.  "The people of Kronos primordially were for the development of our natural resources and all drew benefit from the resulting economic growth.  These activists clearly do not include/understand the whole image."







The Guide

Advantages of Kronos of the foreign investment



1998/01/20


ABILA, Kronos - it is today the fifth anniversary of the visionary plan of president Araullo to bring the foreign investment to Kronos, an act in negrilla that has harvested the enormous advantages for our country just.  Abila of today is a metropolis that hurries completely of new cars, of the new construction, buildings of offices that flash, and modern conveniences.  The dismantled streets, factories, storefronts tired, and the sad markets of the past go away potholed.  Abila of today is a city of the industry, of a place of the commerce and the investment, of a place of the opportunity and the success.  The prosperity has come to Kronos, and we are all the best ones for him.



Nevertheless, still there are those think incorrect that the prosperity is bad for us.  This people demand that the foreign investment is bad for our country, that is diluting our culture and that is mining our values.  She demands that the foreigners are exploding to us for their own increase and that our government causes that little he watches for the well-being of our people.  It is so militant in her incorrect-directed belief that it has made demands that the foreign companies are poisoning to our children with their technology.  It has even gone as far as to have brought in "foreign experts" who the demand "has our better interests in the heart" to help to separate its agenda against progress and the prosperity for our people.  Hipocresía to bring in foreigners to say that to open our country to us in the foreigners he is bad for us is absurd and is obvious a sample of the mental disease in which they oppose our modernization. 





