
News Online Today

TEN-YEAR OLD ELODIS GIRL DIES OF POISONING 

 

1998/08/20
 

 

 

ELODIS, Kronos - Ten-year old Juliana Vann died yesterday afternoon, surrounded by her family and friends.  After visits to many hospitals, a doctor associated with the international assistance organization Wellness For All recommended Juliana be tests for benzene poisoning.

The Orb

FROM TEN YEARS - OLD WOMEN MATRICES OF GIRL Of ELODIS OF POISONING



1998/08/20




ELODIS, Kronos - ten years - old man Juliana Vann died yesterday afternoon, surrounded by its family and friends.  The cause of death was leukemia due to the benzene poisoning.

Juliana had been sick during more than one year.  At the beginning its family did not realize that the benzene poisoning was the cause of the problems of Juliana.  After visits with much of hospital, a doctor joined the international health of organization of assistance for all Juliana recommended is tests for the benzene poisoning.  At this point, however, small system girl was damaged too much to recover.

The residents of Elodis had spoken in favor with the government of Kronos to act against the pollution caused by the operation of gas drilling of GAStech right 20 kilometers upstream of Elodis.

The death of Juliana is but one several deaths that these rural black suburbs suffered because of the toxic loss being emptied in the river of Tiskele by company GAStech de Tethys.

Private funeral services will be judged on August 21 in the family at the house.

Homeland Illumination
TEN-YEAR OLD ELODIS GIRL DIES OF POISONING
Petrus Gerhard
19 August 1998


Earlier this year a series Homeland Illumination published a series of articles about groundwater contamination in Elodis, and how the locals are demanding a government response for what is essentially Government of Kronos-sponsored pollution and poisoning of citizens.  This article is an update.
ELODIS, Kronos - Ten-year old Juliana Vann died yesterday afternoon, surrounded by her family and friends.  The cause of death was leukemia due to benzene poisoning.
Juliana had been sick for over a year.  Initially her family didn't realize that benzene poisoning was the cause of Juliana's problems.  After visits to many hospitals, a doctor associated with the international assistance organization Wellness For All recommended Juliana be tests for benzene poisoning.  At that point, however, the little girl's system was too damaged to recover.
The residents of Elodis have been pleading with the government of Kronos to take action against the pollution caused by the GAStech gas drilling operation just 20 km upstream from Elodis.
Juliana's death is but one of several deaths this rural township has suffered because of toxic waste being dumped into the Tiskele River by Tethys corporation GAStech.
Private funeral services will be held on August 21 in the family home.



The Wrap

OF TEN YEARS - THE OLD MATRICES OF THE LITTLE GIRL ELODIS OF POISONING



1998/08/21




ELODIS, Kronos - of ten years - old Juliana Vann died yesterday afternoon, which is surrounded by its family and friends.  The cause of death was attribute leukemia to benzene poisoning.

Juliana had been sick for over a year.  Initially its family did not realize that benzene poisoning was the cause of the problems of Juliana.  After visits to the vele hospitals, a doctor is who becomes with the international aid organization Wellness geassociërd already recommended Juliana tests for benzene poisoning.  On that point, however, recover the system of the small little girl it had been also damaged.

The residents of Elodis have pleaded with the government of Kronos to demonstrate against pollution which by the gas GAStech boring verrichting only 20 km are upstream caused of Elodis.

The death of Juliana is only one this municipality because of toxic detritus that, rural of different sterfgevallen, in the river Tiskele by Tethys company GAStech is dumped has suffered.

The private burial services will be kept on 21 augusts in the family house.

The Wrap



THE PROTESTS SWELL IN ABILA IN REPLY TO QUESTION TO ACTION

2012/09/08


ABILA, Kronos - thousands of people conducted the ways on Thursday in a vertoning of antigovernment solidarity.



Under the demonstration systems Mestache Vardshvna were, 23, of the west coast of Kronos.   We try get the attention of our government, he said.  This is important, so that I demanded gone time of the work share of this important event to be.



He was one of many which used their competence of free speech to express their care with the current lack of government transparency with public money.



 They must consciously be themselves know of it that we what do they, added Vardshvna.  YOU can not only steal our money and think you are possible with leaving.



The posters with coloured pictures of Elian Karel and Juliana Vann was memories of the heavy toll which is already paid by LEADERs and innocents.  Karel the former LEADER of the guards of Kronos was by its premature dead in 2009.  To be dead, idea an assassination be by many, put cancels collections to bring it reported of the guards of Kronos to publicly.  Juliana Vann died in 1998, of cancer which is caused by environment toxin in its drinking water.  She had twisted exactly ten years old.

Daily Pegasus

OF TEN YEARS - OLD DICES OF THE GIRL OF ELODIS OF THE ENVENENAMIENTO



1998/08/21




ELODIS, Kronos - of ten years - old Julian Vann died yesterday in the evening, surrounded by their family and friends.  The cause of the death was leukemia due to the envenenamiento of the benzene.

Julian he had been ill by on a year.  Her family did not make initially that the envenenamiento of the benzene was the cause of the problems of Julian.  After visits to many hospitals, a doctor was associated to the international health of the organization of the recommended aid for all the Julian one is tests for the envenenamiento of the benzene.  In that point, nevertheless, the system of the small girl was also damaged to recover.

The residents of Elodis have been pleading for with the government of Kronos taking the action against the contamination caused by the operation that hardly perforated of the gas of GAStech 20 kilometers against the current of Elodis.

The death of Julian is but one of several deaths that this rural municipality has suffered due to the toxic sweepings that was unloaded in the river of Tiskele by the corporation GAStech de Tethys.

The deprived funeral services will be carried out the 21 of August in the family homemade.







