The Wrap

ELODIS, KRONOS:  AID OF UNEXPECTED BRONDeel two



1998/04/26


This Article is the second advance of a three-part range the tackling growing problem of one fear of the community, government indictable offense, and the alarming influence of multinational companies on the country of Kronos.

I obtained Henk Bodrogi which in city in purchases make rise of the hardware at Ferro to repair a broken motor tractor.  Bodrogi have soya broad beans complete life have been treated, such as its father and their fathers. I asked him concerning its life on the agriculture company.

 We the country has for a long time worked - perhaps 200 years, perhaps told a beetje more, Henk Bodrogi me since he picked crap concerning a container of, which zoeken to the correct size.  In the course of the years we a couple has here and there added hectaren.  It occupies our.

Busy is a understatement, since I found then I the wiry farmer to tell me to porde more.

Leads I usually omhoog to the areas by sun, M. Henk Bodrogi tells me. My woman becomes omhoog the young young she-goats and heading to school, then they little something for us for lunch will turn to eat and beside me into diner to work.  When the children recover house of school they pass their jobs, and we are all at the house the most of times dark.

We do this the most days, he adds, except worship days.

Bodrogi identify the suitable bolt and chatter with the cashier concerning young young she-goats and school since he are completes purchase.

We all know each other it here, Bodrogi explain since we leave. The most of families have lived here for generations.  First new people who came to city were with that gasbedrijf that a couple year back. built

I ask Bodrogi if the matter has been well. 

We did to recently free good.  The profits were well and we add surface, or promote material.  Then started we have all this problem with the plants.

On which manner, I asked.

The plants do not produce if they have in the past.  It took one tijdje to calculate, then one of the town civil servants who are calculated to obtain a water specialist.  Then they tested it they said water. polluted was

Bodrodgi which are sighed, and with a besieged can in its eye he me for my interest thanked and he told had lead me behind to house.  The motor tractor had be confirmed before they the next day could work.  I thanked him and paid attention to him climb in its truck and head from city.

The water specialist appeared the international agency Wellness for all, an international agency with a task healthy bring water to communities to which by natural disasters it are agitated, drawing and - accidentally - oil and gasontwikkeling.

I obtained a representative of Wellness in for already next day.  Joclyn Reynolds are project coordinator for Wellness for all.  They spoke to me concerning a satellite question of its area office in South-East Asia where she was the efforts of the establishment aid after a earthquake. Mej. Reynolds came to me for a couple speak minutes between meetings concerning their work in Elodis.

We were contacted by a town civil servant concerning a problem they with their room water had.  In the last years agriculture had collapsed, and the by-effect of certain sicknesses and birth shortages had increased.  The drinking water Elodis comes from the river Tiskele, like already water for agriculture, so that upstream we zochten a source.  We found sources of the disposal of the production detritus upstream at the GAStech verrichting <km>.  The tests showed high levels of benzene, toluene, xylene arsenic, lead and selenium, among other things toxin. 

Are possible substances these? of course prevention I asked her.

Not in these amounts, and not this sudden.  The pollution of the groundwater is usually the result of human activity.  Blow GAStech release polluting substances of a pond.  The toxin to form subsurface plucks which trickles in the river Tiskele of which the residents of Elodis their drinking water and irrigation for the plants. to draw

You spoke to GAStech concerning this?

Yes, she answered Oh.  We believed firstly we tractie reached.  We met representatives GAStech, including one including the higher staff employees, several keren strict Fluss.  He insured our personal GAStech would act responsibly to assist material and financial to cleaning turn effort.  After a time, nevertheless, it became clear that whereas M. Fluss were serious the Sanjorge were those decisions take.  It is clear that he [Sanjorge] no interest in the well-being of the residents of Elodis, or environment. has

Sten Sanjorge, Jr., which had its share in the company of its father in 1990, geërftf, a reputation for cutthroat company practices had developed.

Then we made no progress with GAStech, continuously Reynolds, the Community LEADERs decided for aid the government of Kronos to approach.   By our policy - and with authorization of the LEADERs Elodis - we published the test results in an officially public document.  The LEADERs Elodis approached then the government civil servants as citizens of a community Kronesian which is armed with the scientific analysis.  Our agency insured them we again its available anyway would help then those agreements became gebeëindigd. 

On this point Mej. Reynolds as from the tel. were called, so that I returned my redacteursvriend, Pondo Reese to tell the tale to finishing.

Share three 15 May, 1998 are published

News Online Today

ELODIS, KRONOS:  HELP FROM AN UNEXPECTED SOURCE Part Two 

Petrus Gerhard 

1998/04/26
 

 

NOTE: This article is the second in a series, reprinted with permission from the Homeland Illumination.  Bodrogi has farmed soybeans his entire life, as did his father and their fathers. 

 "We've worked the land for a long time - maybe 200 years, maybe a bit more," Henk Bodrogi told me as he picked over a container of bolts, searching for the right size.  It took a while to figure out, then one of the city officers figured out to call in a water specialist.  When they tested it they said the water was contaminated." 

The water specialist turned out to be the international agency "Wellness For All", an international agency with a mission to bring healthy water to communities distressed by natural disasters, draught and - coincidentally - oil and gas development. Reynolds agreed to speak to me for a few minutes between meetings about their work in Elodis.  The Elodis drinking water comes from the Tiskele River, as does all the water for farming, so we looked for a source upstream.  The toxins are forming a subsurface plume that seeps into the Tiskele River from which the residents of Elodis draw their drinking water and irrigation for the crops." 

"When we didn't make headway with GAStech," Reynolds continued, "the community leaders decided to approach the government of Kronos for assistance.   Per our policy -and with permission from the Elodis leaders - we published the test results in an official public document.  The Elodis leaders then approached the government officials as citizens of a Kronesian community armed with the scientific analysis.

Homeland Illumination
ELODIS, KRONOS:  HELP FROM AN UNEXPECTED SOURCE Part Two
Petrus Gerhard
25 April 1998

This article is the second installment of a three-part series addressing the growing problem of one community's anguish, government malfeasance, and the alarming influence of multinational corporations on the country of Kronos.
I caught up with Henk Bodrogi in town making purchases at Ferro Hardware store to repair a broken tractor.  Bodrogi has farmed soybeans his entire life, as did his father and their fathers. I asked him about his life on the farm.
 "We've worked the land for a long time - maybe 200 years, maybe a bit more," Henk Bodrogi told me as he picked over a container of bolts, searching for the right size.  "Over the years we've added a few hectares here and there.  It keeps us busy."
Busy is an understatement, as I found when I prodded the wiry farmer to tell me more.
"I usually head to the fields before sun up," Mr. Henk Bodrogi tells me. "My wife gets the kids up and heading to school, then she'll make a little something for us to eat for lunch and work alongside me until dinner.  When the children get home from school they do their chores, and we're all back at the house most times by dark."
"We do this most days," he adds, "except for worship days."
Bodrogi identifies the appropriate bolt and chats with the cashier about kids and school as he completes his purchase.
"We all know one another here," Bodrogi explains as we leave. "Most families have lived here for generations.  The first new people that came to town were with that gas company that built a few years back."
I ask Bodrogi if business has been good. 
"We were doing pretty good until recently.  Profits were good and we add acreage, or upgrade equipment.  Then we started having all this trouble with the crops."
In what way, I asked.
"The crops aren't producing like they have in the past.  It took a while to figure out, then one of the city officers figured out to call in a water specialist.  When they tested it they said the water was contaminated."
Bodrodgi sighed, and with a beleaguered look in his eye he thanked me for my interest and told me he had to head back home.  The tractor had to be fixed before they could work the next day.  I thanked him and watched him climb into his truck and head out of town.
The water specialist turned out to be the international agency "Wellness For All", an international agency with a mission to bring healthy water to communities distressed by natural disasters, draught and - coincidentally - oil and gas development.
I caught up with a representative from Wellness for All the next day.  Joclyn Reynolds is project coordinator for "Wellness for All".  She spoke to me over a satellite call from her field office in Southeast Asia where she was setting up relief efforts following an earthquake. Ms. Reynolds agreed to speak to me for a few minutes between meetings about their work in Elodis.
"We were contacted by a city official about a problem they were having with their local water.  In the last few years agriculture had foundered, and the incidence of certain illnesses and birth defects had risen.  The Elodis drinking water comes from the Tiskele River, as does all the water for farming, so we looked for a source upstream.  We found sources of production waste disposal at the GAStech operation upstream.  Tests showed high levels of benzene, toluene, xylene arsenic, lead and selenium, among other toxins. "
"Can these substances occur naturally?" I asked her.
"Not in these amounts, and not this suddenly.  Groundwater contamination is usually the result of human activity.  The GAStech pipes are releasing contaminants into a pond.  The toxins are forming a subsurface plume that seeps into the Tiskele River from which the residents of Elodis draw their drinking water and irrigation for the crops."
"Did you talk to GAStech about this?"
"Oh yes," she replied.  "At first we believed we were gaining traction.  We met several times with GAStech representatives, including one of the senior executives, Hank Fluss.  He personally assured us GAStech would act responsibly to provide material and financial assistance toward cleanup efforts.  After a time, though, it became clear that while Mr. Fluss was earnest it was Sanjorge who makes the decisions.  It is apparent that he [Sanjorge] has no interest in the wellbeing of the residents of Elodis, or the environment."
Sten Sanjorge, Jr., who had inherited his share in the company from his father in 1990, had developed a reputation for cutthroat business practices.
"When we didn't make headway with GAStech," Reynolds continued, "the community leaders decided to approach the government of Kronos for assistance.   Per our policy -and with permission from the Elodis leaders - we published the test results in an official public document.  The Elodis leaders then approached the government officials as citizens of a Kronesian community armed with the scientific analysis.  Our agency assured them we would again be available to help in any way when those agreements were finalized."
At this point Ms Reynolds was called away from the phone, so I returned to my editor friend, Pondo Reese to tell finish the story.
Part Three will be published May 15, 1998
Daily Pegasus

ELODIS, KRONOS:  AID of one divides two of the SOURCE UNEXPECTED



1998/04/27


This article is the second installation of a series of three parts that deals with the problem every greater time an anguish of the community, the criminal fact of the government, and the alarming influence of multinational corporations in the country of Kronos.

I took for above with Henk Bodrogi in the city that made purchases in the warehouse of the hardware of Ferro to repair an broken tractor.  Bodrogi has cultivated the soybeans its whole life, like its father and his parents. I asked to him about its life in the farm.

 "We have worked the Earth during long time - perhaps 200 years, perhaps a small piece more," Henk Bodrogi said to me as it chose on a package of per to us, looking for the right size.  "On the years we have added some hectares here and there.  To us it maintains occupied."

Occupied it is an underestimation, as I found when I punctured to farmer wiry to say to me more.

 "My wife obtains the ascending cabritos and title to teach, then she will do a little something so that we eat for the lunch and we work next to me until supper.  When the children obtain school caretakers make their tasks, and we are all buttocks in the house most of the times by darkness."

"We do this most of the days," he we added, "with the exception of days of the adoration."

Bodrogi identifies the appropriate bolt and to char it with the teller on cabritos and school whereas it finishes his purchase.

"All we know one another one here," Bodrogi we explained whereas we go away. "Most of the families they have lived here for the generations.  The first new people who came to the city were with that company of the gas that constructed the posteriora part of some years."

I request Bodrogi if the business has been good. 

"We made quite good recently until time.  The benefits were good and added cultivated area, or increased the equipment.  Then we began to have all this hardship with the harvests."

How, I it requested.

"The harvests are not producing as they have in the past.  It awhile took the figure towards, outside then one of the calculated officials of the city towards outside calling in a specialist of the water.  They proved when it they said that the water was contaminated."

Bodrodgi sighed, and with a glance surrounded in its eye thanked for he me by my interest and this it had to me to direct it the back home.    I thanked for it I watched and to raise it in its car and head outside city.

The specialist of the water turned out to be the international agency "health for all", an international agency with a mission to bring the healthy water to the communities caused sorrow by natural disasters, sketch and - coincidently - oil and development of the gas.

I took for above with a representative of the health for all the following day.  Joclyn Reynolds is coordinating of the project for the "health for all".  She spoke to me on a call based on the satellites of her office of the field in Asia South-Eastern where she was efforts of the relevación of the creation which they followed an earthquake. Ms Reynolds decided to speak me by some minutes between the meetings on its work in Elodis.

"A civil employee of the city on a problem we made contact with enemy whereupon they had with its local water.  In years of last agriculture one had collapsed, and the incidence of certain diseases and defects of birth had risen.  The potable water of Elodis comes from the river of Tiskele, like all the water to cultivate, so we looked for a source against the current.  We above find sources of the useless disposition of the production in <km> of the operation of GAStech by waters.  The tests demonstrated to stops levels of the benzene, the tolueno, arsenic of xylene, the lead and the selenium, among other toxins. "

"These substances Can happen naturally" I asked to him.

"Not in these amounts, and not this one suddenly.  The contamination of the underground water is generally the result of the human activity.  The pipes of GAStech are sending the polluting agents in a pool.  The toxins are forming plume subsurface that leaks in the river of Tiskele of which the residents of the drainage of Elodis its potable water and irrigation for the harvests."

"You spoke with GAStech on this"

"Oh yes," she answered.  "We thought at the outset that we gained the traction.  We solved several times with the representatives of GAStech, including one of "the senior" executives, Fluss hank.  It assured personally to us that GAStech would act responsible to provide material and financial aid towards efforts of the cleaning.  After a time, although, got to be clear that whereas Mr. Fluss was serious it was Sanjorge that makes the decisions.  It is evident that it [Sanjorge] does not have any interest in the well-being of the residents of Elodis, or the atmosphere."

Sten Sanjorge, the Jr, who had inherited his part in the company of his father in 1990, had developed a reputation for the practices of business of cutthroat.

"When we did not make progress with GAStech," Reynolds continued, "the leaders of the community decided to approach the government of Kronos for the aid.   By our policy - and with the permission of the leaders of Elodis - we published the test resultses in an official public document.  The leaders of then Elodis approached the officials of the government like citizens of a community of Kronesian armed with the scientific analysis.  To our he assured them agency that we would be again available to help anyway when those agreements were concluded. "

To this point the Reynolds far from the telephone called ms, so I returned to my friend of the editor, Pondo Reese to tell to end history.

Part three will be published the 15 of May of 1998

The Orb

ELODIS, KRONOS:  HELP of an UNEXPECTED part two of SOURCE



1998/04/27


This article is the second installment of a series in three parts addressing the problem growing of an anguish of the community, the embezzlement of government, and influences it alarming at the multinational multinationals on the country of Kronos.

I caught up with myself compared to Henk Bodrogi downtown making of the purchases to the ferro store of material to repair a broken tractor.  Bodrogi cultivated soya its life whole, just as his/her father and their fathers. I questioned it about his life with the farm.

 "We worked the ground for a long time - perhaps 200 years, perhaps a little more," Henk Bodrogi like it indicated to me selected above a container of bolts, seeking the good size.  "During years we added a few hectares here and there.  It maintains occupied to us."

Occupied is an undervaluation, as I found when I stabbed the stiff farmer to say myself more.

"Of I head usually to the fields before the sun to the top," Mr. Henk Bodrogi indicates to me. "My wife obtains the high children and titrates to inform, then it will do something so that us eat for the lunch and function beside me until the dinner.  When the children become at the house of the school they make their drudgeries, and we are all backs at the house the majority of the times by the darkness."

"We make these majority of the days," it is added, "except days of worship."

Bodrogi identifies the suitable bolt and causes with the cash clerk about the children and of the school while it achieves his purchase.

"All let us know We here another," Bodrogi explains while we leave. "The majority of the families lived here for generations.  The first new people who came to the city were with this gas company which established the back of a few years."

I ask Bodrogi if the businesses were good. 

"We made very good until recently.  The benefit were good and we add cultivated surface, or improve the equipment.  Then we started to have all this trouble with harvests."

How, I asked.

"Harvests do not produce as they have in the past.  That removed one moment with the figure, then one of the leaders of city illustrated outside to call in a water specialist.  When they examined it they said that water was soiled."

Bodrodgi sighed, and with a glance encircled in its eye it thanked me for my interest and says had it to me to direct the back house.  The tractor had to be fixed before they could function the next day.  I thanked it and observed it rise in its truck and head out of the city.

The water specialist proved to be the international agency "health for all", an international agency with a mission to bring healthy water to the communities afflicted by normal disasters, outlines and - coincidentally - oil and formation of gas.

I caught up with myself compared to a representative of health for the whole the next day.  Joclyn Reynolds is a coordinator of project for "health for all".  It spoke to me above a satellite call its office field in South-East Asia where it was efforts of relief of establishment following an earthquake. Mrs. Reynolds agreed to speak to me during a few minutes between the meetings about their work in Elodis.

"We were contacted by a civil servant of city about a problem which they had with water their room.  In years of the last agriculture was effondue, and the incidence of certain diseases and defects of birth had gone up.  The drinking water of Elodis comes from the river of Tiskele, just as any water for the leasing, thus we sought a source upstream.  We found sources of provision of reject of production to the <km> of operation of GAStech ascending.  The tests showed the high levels of benzene, toluene, the xylene arsenic, lead and selenium, between other toxins. ?

"Can these substances occur naturally?" I asked him.

"Not in these amounts, and not this suddenly.  The subsoil water contamination is usually the result of the human activity.  The pipes of GAStech discharge from the contaminants in a pond.  The toxins form a feather with ground flower which infiltrates in the river of Tiskele of which residents of the aspiration of Elodis their drinking water and irrigation for harvests."

"You spoke in GAStech on this subject?"

The "OH yes," it answered.  "In the beginning we believed that we gain traction.  We met several times with representatives of GAStech, including one of the senior executive, Fluss hank.  It personally ensured us that GAStech would act in a responsible way to provide to the material aid and financial worms of the efforts of cleaning.  After one moment, although, it appeared clearly that while Mr. Fluss was serious it was Sanjorge which makes the decisions.  It is obvious that it [Sanjorge] does not have any interest for the wellbeing of the residents of Elodis, or environment."

Sten Sanjorge, Jr., which had inherited its share to the company of his/her father in 1990, had developed a reputation for pitiless procedures of management.

"When we did not make progress with GAStech," Reynolds continued, "the chiefs of the community decided to approach the government of Kronos for the assistance.   By our policy - and with the permission of the chiefs of Elodis - we published the test results in an official public document.  The chiefs of Elodis then approached the civils servant of government as citizens of a community of Kronesian armed with the scientific analysis.  Our agency ensured that we would be still available to help in some way when these agreements were completed. "?

In this moment Mrs. Reynolds was called part of the telephone, thus I returned to my friend of writer, Pondo Reese for saying to completion the history.

The part three will be published on May 15, 1998

