News Online Today

Charity Funds Exhausted



1999/11/15


We soon ran out of medicines and funds to support our aid teams and had to return home."  While the global press reported over 2500 people were killed and 100,000 buildings were destroyed, local press reported people felt they were being properly cared for and declined relief aid.  

The Global Emergency Disaster Organization report their members are doing all they can to get aid through to earthquake victims, but they need a huge injections of funds to do so.   

Jim Cordon, from the disaster relief charity FoodSupport told the times "I think that the lack of funds are responsible for an increase of attacks on food convoys, consequently deterring a lot of aid agencies from getting in there."

Everyday News

Global boxes of the charity of dren of the disasters



1999/11/16
The new pleas campaign in the horizon to maintain liquidity.

The agencies of the aid have noticed that the monetary necessities and of the food have increased everywhere and that they can not be able to solve basic necessities.

The office of the O.N.U for the coordination of humanitarian subjects says that 15 million people of remain needing vital merchandize and services, because the number and the severity of crisis have given rise to a deficiency of the "food, healthcare, and the access to sustenances."

A new group of the aid, Singapur THAT TOOK CARE OF has formed recently in answer to the conflict in Kosovo.  The Dr Jayala Mahmed could not find an organization existing to sponsor it to offer voluntarily his medical services there.  Singapur THAT TOOK CARE OF has sent five missions to Kosovo to provide movable medical aid.  Also they have sent a effort of the mobilization of bottoms in collaboration with the governments of Malaysia.  "We are stopped ready to help, but the financing is difficult to find," the indicated Dr Mahmed. "As much it is necessary but as much it has been last already."

They damaged to thirteen people Tuesday in Izmit, Turkey, as people filled up a convoy of the relevación of the government, the civil employees this.  They absolutely fear 20,000 earthquake people both that have happened east year.  Singapur THAT TOOK CARE OF has sent to equipment from the relevación to Turkey.

Still, the organizations of the aid stretch to their limits.  Health for all the attended medical equipment of the emergency ad hoc during the earthquake of September in central Taiwan that measured 7,3 in the scale of Richter.  "The answer of the equipment of the emergency was impressive, but not coordinated," it indicated a health for all the spokesman.  "Never éramos insurances they directed if us to the most desperate locations.  Soon we worked of medicines and bottoms to support our equipment of the aid and had to return to house."  Whereas the disclosed global press on 2500 people was killed and 100,000 buildings were destroyed, the local press disclosed people felt they correctly took care of that it for and declined aid of the relevación. 

The global report of the organization of the disaster of the emergency its members is making all she be able to obtain the aid to traverse to the victims of the earthquake, but they need enormous injections the bottoms to do so.  

Cord of Jim, of the FoodSupport charity of the relevación of the disaster these times "I think that the deficiency of bottoms is responsible for an increase of attacks against the convoys of the food, therefore dissuading many of agencies of the aid to obtain inside there."





The Continent

Overall the benevolence trunks of the calamity evacuation canal



1999/11/16
New profession campaign on the horizon to maintain fluidity.

The agencies of the aid have warned that the monetary and food needs have increased worldwide and they cannot be able that satisfy to basic needs.

The office of the V.N. for coordination of humanitarian matter says that 15 millions people with need for essential goods and the services remain, because the number of and the austerity of crises in a lack of food, health care, and access to maintenance. have resulted

One new aid group, GIVING Singapore have been recently been in reply to the conflict in Kosovo.  Dr. Jayala Mahmed could not find an existing organization its to sponsor to submit an application its medical services there.  GIVING Singapore has sent five tasks to Kosovo to supply mobile medical care.  They have launched also a charity effort in association with the governments of Malaysia.  We are our prepared to help, but financing is difficult, explained find Dr. Mahmed. This way much are necessary but so that has been much already spent.

Thirteen people were wounded on Tuesday in Izmit, Turkey, since people a convoy of the government aid mobbed, aforesaid civil servants.  Zowat 20,000 people have been completely feared in the two earthquakes which have been prevented this year.  GIVING Singapore has sent aid teams to Turkey.

But nevertheless the aid organizations uitgerekt to their borders become.  Wellness for all assisted ad hoc emergency situation medical teams during the earthquake of September in central Taiwan that 7.3 on the scale measured Richter.  The response of the teams of the emergency situation was impressive, but unco-ordinated, explained Wellness for already spokesperson.  We were the more so never if we were conducted to most desperate places.  We led shortly medicines and funds to support our aid teams and had to house return.  Whereas the overall press which is communicated more than 2500 people was killed and 100,000 bldg. was destroyed, the local press they found communicated people for were considerably given and aid aid decreased. 

The overall organization of the calamity of the emergency situation reports their members all does they is able get aid by to earthquake victims, but they have to giant injections of funds necessary do this.  

Jim Cordon, The Times of the calamity aid, told of benevolence FoodSupport, I think that the lack of funds of an increase of attacks on food convoys is the cause, consequently detering a lot aid agencies of there coming in.





International Times
Global disasters drain charity coffers

14 November 1999
New appeals campaigns on the horizon to maintain liquidity.
Aid agencies have warned that the monetary and food needs have increased worldwide and that they may not be able to meet basic needs.
The UN Office for Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs says that 15 million people remain in need of vital goods and services, because the number and severity of crises has resulted in a lack of "food, healthcare, and access to livelihoods."
One new aid group, CARING Singapore has been recently formed In response to the conflict in Kosovo.  Dr. Jayala Mahmed was unable to find an existing organization to sponsor her to volunteer her medical services there.  CARING Singapore has sent five missions to Kosovo to provide mobile medical care.  They have also launched a fundraising effort in collaboration with the governments of Malaysia.  "We stand ready to help, but funding is difficult to find," stated Dr. Mahmed. "So much is needed but so much has already been spent."
Thirteen people were injured on Tuesday in Izmit, Turkey, as people mobbed a government relief convoy, officials said.  Some 20,000 people are feared dead in the two earthquakes that have occurred this year.  CARING Singapore has dispatched relief teams to Turkey.
Yet, aid organizations are stretched to their limits.  Wellness for All assisted ad-hoc emergency medical teams during the September earthquake in central Taiwan that measured 7.3 on the Richter scale.  "The response from the Emergency Teams was impressive, but uncoordinated," stated a Wellness for All spokesperson.  "We were never sure if we were headed to locations most desperate.  We soon ran out of medicines and funds to support our aid teams and had to return home."  While the global press reported over 2500 people were killed and 100,000 buildings were destroyed, local press reported people felt they were being properly cared for and declined relief aid. 
The Global Emergency Disaster Organization report their members are doing all they can to get aid through to earthquake victims, but they need a huge injections of funds to do so.  
Jim Cordon, from the disaster relief charity FoodSupport told the times "I think that the lack of funds are responsible for an increase of attacks on food convoys, consequently deterring a lot of aid agencies from getting in there."


World Journal

Total trunks of charity of drain of disasters



1999/11/15
The new calls fact countryside on the horizon to maintain the liquidity.

The agencies of assistance informed that the monetary needs and for food increased in the whole world and that they can not be able to satisfy the basic needs.

The Office of UNO for the coordination of the humane businesses indicates that 15 million people remain requiring the essential goods and the services, because the number and the severity of crises had like consequence a lack of "food, care of health, and access to the lives."

A new group of assistance, Singapore WORRYING was recently made up in response to the conflict in Kosovo.  Dr. Jayala Mahmed could not find an organization existing to finance it to offer his medical departments there.  Singapore WORRYING sent five missions to Kosovo to provide the mobile medical care.  They also launched an effort of collection of funds in collaboration with the governments of Malaysia.  "We are held ready to help, but it is difficult to find placement," Dr. indicated Mahmed. "Is so necessary but so much was already spent."

Thirteen people were wounded Tuesday in Izmit, Turkey, because people attacked a convoy of relief of government, civils servant known as.  One fears completely approximately 20.000 people in the two earthquakes which occurred this year.  Singapore WORRYING dispatched teams of relief in Turkey.

However, of the organizations of assistance are stretched with their limits.  Health for all the medical teams helped of ad hoc help during the earthquake of September in central Taiwan which measured 7.3 on the scale of Richter.  "The answer of the rescue squads was impressive, but not coordinated," stated a health for all the spokesman.  "We were never sure if we were directed to the most desperate places.  We soon missed medicines and funds to support our teams of assistance and had to turn over to the house."  While reported total pressure more than 2500 people were killed and 100.000 buildings were destroyed, the local pressure brought back people judged that they were correctly worried about and helps decreased by relief. 

The report of organization of disaster of help their members do all they can to arrive the assistance at the victims of earthquake, but they need the enormous injections of the funds to make thus.  

There cord of Jim, of FoodSupport charity of relief of disaster says times "me thinks that the lack of funds are responsible for an increase in the attacks on convoys of food, discouraging from consequently many agencies of assistance entering."





World Source

Charity Funds Limited



1999/11/14


Aid agencies have warned that the monetary and food needs have increased worldwide and that they may not be able to meet basic needs. 

The UN Office for Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs says that 15 million people remain in need of vital goods and services, because the number and severity of crises has resulted in a lack of "food, healthcare, and access to livelihoods." 

One new aid group, CARING Singapore has been recently formed In response to the conflict in Kosovo.  CARING Singapore has sent five missions to Kosovo to provide mobile medical care. 

Thirteen people were injured on Tuesday in Izmit, Turkey, as people mobbed a government relief convoy, officials said.  Some 20,000 people are feared dead in the two earthquakes that have occurred this year.  CARING Singapore has dispatched relief teams to Turkey.  Wellness for All assisted ad-hoc emergency medical teams during the September earthquake in central Taiwan that measured 7.3 on the Richter scale.  We soon ran out of medicines and funds to support our aid teams and had to return home."  While the global press reported over 2500 people were killed and 100,000 buildings were destroyed, local press reported people felt they were being properly cared for and declined relief aid.  

The Global Emergency Disaster Organization report their members are doing all they can to get aid through to earthquake victims, but they need a huge injections of funds to do so.   

Jim Cordon, from the disaster relief charity FoodSupport told the times "I think that the lack of funds are responsible for an increase of attacks on food convoys, consequently deterring a lot of aid agencies from getting in there."

