The General Post

GDP OF KRONOS IN THE ASCENT



2000/01/17


AVILA, Kronos - the true gross internal product - the exit of merchandize and services produced by the work and the characteristic located in Kronos - increasing in an annual index of 5,4% in the fourth trimester of 1999, according to the estimation anticipated sent in the office of the economy.



This mark 5to year in a row with the positive growth of the GDP for the developing country. Most of this growth can be contributed to the relation between the government of Kronos and international GAStech.


The Light of Truth

GDP OF KRONOS ON RISE



2000/01/16


ABILA, Kronos - the interior product gross real - the production of goods and the services produced by the work and the property located in Kronos - increased atan annual rate of 5.4% in the fourth quarter of 1999, according to the anticipated evaluation released by the office of economic sciences.



This marks the 5th year in a line with the positive growth of GDP for the country in the process of development. The major part of this growth can be contributed to the relationship between the government of Kronos and international GAStech.



The World
KRONOS GDP ON THE RISE

15 January 2000

ABILA, Kronos - The real gross domestic product - the output of goods and services produced by labor and property located in Kronos - increased at an annual rate of 5.4% in the fourth quarter of 1999, according to the advance estimate released by the Bureau of Economics.

This marks the 5th year in a row with positive GDP growth for the developing country. Most of this growth can be contributed to the relationship between the Government of Kronos and GAStech International.

Who What News

KRONOS GDP ON THE RISE 

 

2000/01/16
 

ABILA, Kronos - The real gross domestic product - the output of goods and services produced by labor and property located in Kronos - increased at an annual rate of 5.4% in the fourth quarter of 1999, according to the advance estimate released by the Bureau of Economics. Most of this growth can be contributed to the relationship between the Government of Kronos and GAStech International.

The Tulip

KRONOS THE GDP ON THE INCREASE



2000/01/16


ABILA, Kronos - the real Gross Domestic Product - the output of goods and the services which are caused by labor and have that in Kronos are established - lane to an annual tariff from 5.4% in the fourth trimester of 1999, according to the progress estimate which is released by the service of economy.



This sees the 5th year in a file with the positive increase of the GDP for the developing country. The largest part of this increase are possible to the link between the government of Kronos and international GAStech are contributed.



Daily Pegasus

LEAF OF THE FACT OF THE PUBLIC HEALTH OF ELODIS - UPDATE



2000/06/01


ELODIS, Kronos - the environmental consequences of the hyperactive acid retirement of the substratum (HASR), a technique that perforated controversy have taken an enormous toll in the health from the residents of Elodis.  An update to health 1998 for all the report soon will be fixed to the municipal Web site of Elodis.

I touch of light

* The levels without toxin precedents were found in the water supply, including fenol, the acetic anhydride, the lead, and the ethylene glycol.

* The incidence of the chronic disease increased on 89% as of previous years

* The unusually high incidence of the cancer became so referring to that minister of designated the Nespola health a specialist from the oncología to the general hospital of Abila



News Online Today

KRONOS GDP ON THE RISE 

 

2000/01/15
 

ABILA, Kronos - The real gross domestic product - the output of goods and services produced by labor and property located in Kronos - increased at an annual rate of 5.4% in the fourth quarter of 1999, according to the advance estimate released by the Bureau of Economics.

