The Explainer

EXPLOSION AND FIRE OF THE TISKELE CURVE



2000/08/18


ABILA, Kronos - a spark in the GAStech International-had well in the site of the curve of Tiskele ignited the methane gas several hundreds of underground feet, causing a fire ball and the fire that was burned by around one hour is the results of a dual GAStech - investigation of the government of in the morning subsequent explosion and of Sunday of the fire. 



Four employees of GAStech suffered broken injuries including burns of smaller importance and bones. In contrast to previous information there were deaths and no that lacked the incident as resulting from. He was also not damaged any local residents and although they evacuated to some residents of Elodis of his homes the investigation indicates that the evacuation was unnecessary. 



Whereas the official cause of the explosion still is under investigation, the problem could have come from a defect in the spring itself. The springs of GAStech are fastened with rings with the necklaces that have fixed per to us that they worked through them. One of per could have blown outside the necklace, sending the gas to us, that then made contact with enemy with a spark.





The General Post

SITE OF THE CURVE OF TISKELE OF ROCKS GASTECH OF THE EXPLOSION



2000/08/16


AVILA, Kronos - an explosion in a next cushion of the well that it perforated of the gas woke up Rebecca Cato 3 mornings around the morning of Sunday. When she left her home in Elodis, Kronos - a rural municipality outside capital Avila - to investigate the noise she noticed a great fire coming from international site of the curve of GAStech Tiskele.



The near Elodis GAStech-had good ignited the subterranean of the methane gas that caused a fire that lasted by around one hour. At least four employees of GAStech appeared to be cleared by the ambulance; nevertheless, GAStech has declined to comment with respect to the degree and to the nature of its injuries. 



CEO of GAStech that Jr of Sten Sanjorge downplayed the event that it indicated, "this event could hardly be described like an explosion," but simply practical common designated indicating by means of lights. It continued, "I will not bore to him with the details, but a temporary blaze is of frequent use during the affluent production that proves." 



To the officials of the government it gave return to Mrs. Cato and others locals of Elodis absents the employees of GAStech and. Possible, downriver of locals it was evacuated. Rebecca Cato said, "after far sending us without a single answered question, came to our doors and they said to us to leave our homes. It was the center at night where it was I to go." 





News Online Today

TISKELE BEND EXPLOSION AND FIRE 

 

2000/08/17
 

ABILA, Kronos - A spark at the GAStech International-owned well at the Tiskele Bend site ignited methane gas several hundred feet underground, causing a fireball and fire that burned for about an hour is the findings from a dual GAStech - government investigation of the explosion and subsequent fire Sunday morning.

The Light of Truth

SITE OF CURVE OF TISKELE OF ROCKS GASTECH Of EXPLOSION



2000/08/16


ABILA, Kronos - an explosion with a trimming close to well of gas drilling awoke Rebecca Cato around 3 hours the morning Sunday morning. When it left its house in Elodis, Kronos - rural black suburbs apart from capital Abila - to study the noise it noted a large fire to come from the international site of curve of GAStech Tiskele.



Elodis GAStech-had good near fired the methane gas underground causing a fire which lasted during around one hour. At least four employees of GAStech seemed to be carried by the ambulance; however, GAStech refused to present its observations on the width and the nature of their damage. 



Jr. of Sten Sanjorge of PRESIDENT de GAStech reduced the value of the stating event, "this event could be hardly described like explosion," but like simply practical current indicated under the widening name. It continued, "I will not annoy you with the details, but a provisional rocket is often used during the good production examining." 



Mrs. Cato and other people of the country of Elodis were turned part by employees of GAStech and civils servant of government. Thereafter, the downriver people of the country were evacuated. Rebecca Cato indicated, "after us to have sent far without answered simple question, they came to our doors and said to us to leave our houses. It was the middle of the night when was I with going." 





Athena Speaks

EXPLOSION AND FIRE OF CURVE OF TISKELE



2000/08/18


ABILA, Kronos - a spark at GAStech International-had well with the site of curve of Tiskele fired gas methane several hundreds of feet at the bottom, involving an aerolite and the fire which burned during approximately an hour is the results of GAStech duel - research of government on the explosion and fire Sunday next morning. 



Four employees of GAStech suffered from the damage including/understanding the minor burns and the broken bones. Contrary to the preceding reports/ratios there were no death and no lack because of the incident. No resident was as well wounded and although some residents of Elodis were evacuated their houses research indicates that the evacuation was useless. 



While the official cause of the explosion is always being studied, the problem could have come from a defect in the wellhead itself. The wellheads of GAStech are ringed with the collars which placed pins functioning by them. One of the pins could have blown out of the collar, releasing the gas, which then contacted a spark.





News Online Today

EXPLOSION ROCKS GASTECH'S TISKELE BEND SITE 

 

2000/08/15
 

ABILA, Kronos - An explosion at a nearby gas drilling well pad woke Rebecca Cato around 3 a.m. on Sunday morning. When she left her home in Elodis, Kronos - a rural township outside the capital Abila - to investigate the noise she noticed a large fire coming from GAStech International's Tiskele Bend site.

The World
EXPLOSION ROCKS GASTECH'S TISKELE BEND SITE

15 August 2000

ABILA, Kronos - An explosion at a nearby gas drilling well pad woke Rebecca Cato around 3 a.m. on Sunday morning. When she left her home in Elodis, Kronos - a rural township outside the capital Abila - to investigate the noise she noticed a large fire coming from GAStech International's Tiskele Bend site.

The GAStech-owned well near Elodis ignited methane gas underground causing a fire that lasted for around an hour. At least four GAStech employees appeared to have been taken away by ambulance; however, GAStech has declined to comment on the extent and nature of their injuries. 

GAStech's CEO Sten Sanjorge Jr. downplayed the event stating, "This event could hardly be described as an explosion," but merely a common practice referred to as flaring. He continued, "I won't bore you with the details, but a temporary flare is often used during well production testing." 

Mrs. Cato and other locals from Elodis were turned away by GAStech employees and government officials. Eventually, locals downriver were evacuated. Rebecca Cato said, "After sending us away without a single question answered, they came to our doors and told us to leave our homes. It was the middle of the night where was I to go." 


The Tulip

THE PLACE OF THE BEND TISKELE OF THE ROCKS GASTECH OF THE EXPLOSION



2000/08/16


ABILA, Kronos - a explosion at surrounding the putstootkussen of the gasboring weak Rebecca Cato around 3 a.m on Sunday morning. When she left its house in Elodis, Kronos - a rural municipality outside hoofdAbila - to examine the crash saw they a large fire on coming from place of bending GAStech the international Tiskele.



Well gAStech-Bezeten near Elodis put methaangas to underground a causing fire which lasted around an hour. At least four employees GAStech seemed by ambulance taking away; however, GAStech on the scope and the nature of their wounds have decreased give comment. 



CEO Sten Sanjorge van GAStech Jr. ones downplayed event explaining, this event could be hardly described as a explosion, but only a common practice referred to such as flickering. He went further, I will not carry you with the details, but a temporary gloed is frequently used during good production testing. 



Mevr. Cato and other local of Elodis was rejected GAStech employees and government civil servants. Eventual, local downriver geëvacueerdt became. Rebecca Cato said, after sending away us without a single answered question, came they to our doors and told themselves to leave our houses. It was it in the middle of of the night where I was go. 





Who What News

EXPLOSION ROCKS GASTECH'S TISKELE BEND SITE 

 

2000/08/15
 

ABILA, Kronos - An explosion at a nearby gas drilling well pad woke Rebecca Cato around 3 a.m. on Sunday morning. When she left her home in Elodis, Kronos - a rural township outside the capital Abila - to investigate the noise she noticed a large fire coming from GAStech International's Tiskele Bend site. At least four GAStech employees appeared to have been taken away by ambulance; however, GAStech has declined to comment on the extent and nature of their injuries.  

 

GAStech's CEO Sten Sanjorge Jr. downplayed the event stating, "This event could hardly be described as an explosion," but merely a common practice referred to as flaring.  

 

Mrs. Cato and other locals from Elodis were turned away by GAStech employees and government officials. Rebecca Cato said, "After sending us away without a single question answered, they came to our doors and told us to leave our homes.

The Abila Post
TISKELE BEND EXPLOSION AND FIRE

16 August 2000

ABILA, Kronos - A spark at the GAStech International-owned well at the Tiskele Bend site ignited methane gas several hundred feet underground, causing a fireball and fire that burned for about an hour is the findings from a dual GAStech - government investigation of the explosion and subsequent fire Sunday morning. 

Four GAStech employees suffered injuries including minor burns and broken bones. In contrast to previous reports there were no deaths and none missing as a result of the incident. No local residents were injured as well and though some residents of Elodis were evacuated from their homes the investigation indicates that the evacuation was unnecessary. 

While the official cause of the explosion is still under investigation, the problem may have come from a defect in the wellhead itself. GAStech's wellheads are ringed with collars that have set pins running through them. One of the pins may have blown out of the collar, releasing the gas, which then came in contact with a spark.


Central Bulletin

TISKELE BEND EXPLOSION AND FIRE 

 

2000/08/17
 

ABILA, Kronos - A spark at the GAStech International-owned well at the Tiskele Bend site ignited methane gas several hundred feet underground, causing a fireball and fire that burned for about an hour is the findings from a dual GAStech - government investigation of the explosion and subsequent fire Sunday morning.  

 

Four GAStech employees suffered injuries including minor burns and broken bones. No local residents were injured as well and though some residents of Elodis were evacuated from their homes the investigation indicates that the evacuation was unnecessary.  

 

While the official cause of the explosion is still under investigation, the problem may have come from a defect in the wellhead itself. GAStech's wellheads are ringed with collars that have set pins running through them.

News Desk

TISKELE THE EXPLOSION AND THE FIRE OF THE BEND



2000/08/18


ABILA, Kronos - a spark in GAStech which becomes well at the place of bending internationaal-bezeten Tiskele put underground methaangas to hundreds foot, a causing fire ball and the fire which burned for an approximately hour are the findings of double GAStech - government research of the explosion and the further fire Sunday morning. 



Employees celebrate GAStech members to wounds including less important burns and broken boneses. In contrast to previous reports there were no sterfgevallen and nothing which misses as a result of the incident. No local residents were wounded also and although some residents of Elodis of their houses became evacuated the research indicates that the clearance was unnecessary. 



Whereas the official cause of the explosion is being investigated still, the problem can be come from a shortage in the source himself. The sources of GAStech have been rung with collars which pin placed have which go through them. One of the spelden can from the collar have blown, the releasing gas that when in contact with a spark came.





