The Guide

The activists interrupt traffic near fields of the curve of Tiskele



2001/09/01




ABILA, Kronos - they arrested five young people to protest yesterday near the entrance to the fields of the curve of Tiskele whereas they called for the action of the government to treat its environmental preoccupations by the operations about GAStech in the site.  Protestors, members of the activist group "protectors of Kronos", celebrated reading of the samples: "To perforate it poisoned our water" and "to remember Julian", referring 10 years Julian Vann, that have become an icon for the protectors of Kronos from their death in 1998.  Protestors was arrested after a young man sent to his sample in a vehicle of the government, cracking his window and having scared the renters.    They obtained enough animated towards outside there. "



"These "protectors of Kronos" are really a minority of the strip of people against the extraction of fossil fuels in our country," said the carmine Gurganus of the spokesman of the government.  "The people of Kronos have been of overwhelming form for the development of our natural resources and everything has benefitted from the resulting economic development.  These activists do not understand the whole picture clearly."







News Online Today

POK MEMBERS ARRESTED 

 

2001/09/01
 

ELODIS, Kronos - Government heavies obstructed the free speech - yet again - of members of the activist group Protectors of Kronos yesterday at a lawful demonstration at the Tiskele Bend fields.  The five POK activists had gathered in front of the gates to GAStech gas drilling operations facility to bring public awareness about the polluted Tiskele River which has caused health problems to the residents of Elodis.   

An eyewitness told the Homeland Illumination that when the gates opened to allow GAStech company vehicles to exit the facility the protesters moved aside.  

"It was all very civil up till then," Griffith Mabel, an Elodis resident who had come out to support the POK told reporters.

Worldwise

The activists disturb the traffic close to the fields of curve of Tiskele



2001/09/01




ABILA, Kronos - five young people were stopped yesterday to protest close to the entry to the fields of curve of Tiskele while they claimed the action of government to address their environmental concern concerning the operations of GAStech to the site.  The protestateurs, members of the activist group "guards of Kronos", held reading of signs: "Drilling poisoned our water" and "to remember Juliana", referring to 10 years Juliana Vann, which became an icon for the guards of Kronos since his death in 1998.  The protestateurs were stopped after a young man threw his sign with a vehicle of government, splitting his window and frightening the occupants.  To maintain the order Carman d' Adrien of spokesman known as of the arrests, "we decided to close the protest before the members of POK climbed more with violence.  They obtained enough animated outside there."



"These "guards of Kronos" are really a minority of fringe of people against the extraction of fossile fuels in our country," said Gurganus carmine of spokesman of government.  "The people of Kronos primordially were for the development of our natural resources and all drew benefit from the resulting economic growth.  These activists clearly do not include/understand the whole image."







The Orb

THE MEMBERS OF POK STOPPED



2001/09/01


ELODIS, Kronos - heavies of government blocked the free speech - once again - members of the guards of group of activist of Kronos yesterday to a legal demonstration with the fields of curve of Tiskele.  The five activists of POK had met in front of the doors with the service of drilling of gas operations of GAStech to bring the public conscience about the polluted river of Tiskele which posed problems of health to the residents of Elodis.

The spectators report that the demonstration had started peacefully with the five members of POK going in the two directions through the road, singing "remember Juliana!" and "more poison!"  

An eyewitness said that when the doors opened to make it possible vehicles of company of GAStech to leave the service the protesters moved on side.  The witnesses agree that at the same time the vehicles with the government of the joint of Kronos led to the doors, apparently projecting to write the service. 

"It was all the very civil one upwards until then," Griffith Mabel, a resident of Elodis which had left to support the POK said.   "The opened doors, the people of POK moved and the trucks drove out.  It is when it obtained strange.  The trucks stopped in the middle of the road for any reason."

Another eyewitness, farm Charley Normand of Elodis adds, "ouais, the types of POK asked the drivers to move well, but the drivers of GAStech were unaware of them.  They had their windows downwards, thus it was not as they could not hear them."

The occupants of the vehicles of government left and joined the argument.  The sequence of operations becomes muddling in this moment.  Some witnesses state the arguments incited by drivers of GAStech with the protestateurs, and others think that the civils servant of government started to make to violence the protesters of the road.

"Proves to be the people in the cars of government were police force," Mabel says.  "It carried uniforms and had badges."

The spectators say that the three parts started to howl, and at a certain point the police force of Kronos - probably of Abila- stopped the five activists and transported to a prison of Elodis.

In spite of the requests repeated for an interview, one did not grant access to those stopped.