Kronos Star
Minister of Health Dies Suddenly
Eva Thayer
14 June 2001

ABILA, Kronos - It is with great sorrow that we announce the death of Minister of Health Cesare Nespola.  Minister Nespola, 62, died peacefully in his sleep yesterday of a suspected heart attack.  A tireless champion for the welfare of our people, Nespola was a physician who had been picked to lead the Ministry of Health in 1995 by former president Araullo.  He was popular enough that President Kapelou retained him when he formed his cabinet in 2000.

Shortly after hearing of Nespola's death, President Kapelou announced that his nephew Vincent Kapelou would serve as his administration's new Minister of Health.  Vincent Kapelou, 28, has a Bachelor's of Science in chemistry and a Master's of Science in biochemistry from Tethys Central University. 




The Guide

The minister of the health dies suddenly



2001/06/16


ABILA, Kronos - it is with great pain that we announced the death of the minister of the health Will stop Nespola.  Ministrar Nespola, 62, died Pacific in its dream yesterday of an attack of the suspected heart.  An untiring champion for the well-being of our people, Nespola was a doctor who had been chosen to lead the ministry of the health in 1995 by previous president Araullo.  It was quite popular who president conserved it to Kapelou when he formed his cabinet in 2000.



Shortly after to hear speak of the death of Nespola, president Kapelou announced that his nephew Vincent Kapelou would serve like new minister of his administration of the health.  Vincent Kapelou, 28, have unmarried of science in chemistry and a master of science in biochemistry of the university of the power station of Tethys. 









The Truth

The minister of health dies suddenly



2001/06/15


ABILA, Kronos - it is with large sorrow which we announce the death of minister of health Cesare Nespola.  The minister Nespola, 62, died peacefully in its sleep yesterday of an assumed heart attack.  A continuous champion for the well-being of our people, Nespola was a doctor that had been picked the ministry of health in 1995, by former President lead Araullo.  He was popular enough that president Kapelou preserved him then he its cabinet in 2000, formed.



Shortly after learning the death of Nespola, president Kapelou to that its cousin Vincent Kapelou kondigde as a new minister of its policy of health would serve.  Vincent Kapelou, 28, have Bachelor of science in chemistry and master of science in biochemistry of central university Tethys. 









News Online Today

Minister of Health Dies Suddenly 

 

2001/06/15
 

ABILA, Kronos - It is with great sorrow that we announce the death of Minister of Health Cesare Nespola. 

 

Shortly after hearing of Nespola's death, President Kapelou announced that his nephew Vincent Kapelou would serve as his administration's new Minister of Health.

Worldwise

The Minister for health dies suddenly



2001/06/15


ABILA, Kronos - it is with great pain that we announce the death of the Minister for health Cesare Nespola.  Nespola minister, 62, peacefully dead in its sleep yesterday of a suspectée heart attack.  An tireless champion for the wellbeing of our people, Nespola was a doctor who had been selected to carry out the ministry for health in 1995 by former President Araullo.  It was rather popular that President Kapelou maintained when it formed his box in 2000.



Little time after intending to speak about dead about Nespola, President Kapelou announced that its nephew Vincent Kapelou would again serve minister of his administration of health.  Vincent Kapelou, 28, have a bachelor in Science in chemistry and a Master of Science in biochemistry of university of exchange of Tethys. 









