International News

Activists Disrupt Traffic Near Tiskele Bend Fields 

 

2001/08/31
 

 

ABILA, Kronos - Five young people were arrested yesterday for protesting near the entrance to the Tiskele Bend fields as they called for government action to address their environmental concerns about GAStech's operations at the site.  The protestors, members of the activist group "Protectors of Kronos", held signs reading: "Drilling Poisoned Our Water" and "Remember Juliana", referring to 10 year old Juliana Vann, who has become an icon for the Protectors of Kronos since her death in 1998.  The protestors were arrested after one young man threw his sign at a government vehicle, cracking its window and startling the occupants.  Police spokesman Adrien Carman said of the arrests, "We decided to shut the protest down before the POK members escalated to further violence.  "The people of Kronos have overwhelmingly been for the development of our natural resources and all have benefited from the resultant economic growth.

News Online Today

Activists Disrupt Traffic Near Tiskele Bend Fields 

 

2001/08/31
 

 

ABILA, Kronos - Five young people were arrested yesterday for protesting near the entrance to the Tiskele Bend fields as they called for government action to address their environmental concerns about GAStech's operations at the site.  The protestors, members of the activist group "Protectors of Kronos", held signs reading: "Drilling Poisoned Our Water" and "Remember Juliana", referring to 10 year old Juliana Vann, who has become an icon for the Protectors of Kronos since her death in 1998.

Homeland Illumination
POK MEMBERS ARRESTED
Petrus Gerhard
31 August 2001

ELODIS, Kronos - Government heavies obstructed the free speech - yet again - of members of the activist group Protectors of Kronos yesterday at a lawful demonstration at the Tiskele Bend fields.  The five POK activists had gathered in front of the gates to GAStech gas drilling operations facility to bring public awareness about the polluted Tiskele River which has caused health problems to the residents of Elodis.
Bystanders report that the demonstration had begun peacefully with the five POK members walking back and forth across the road, chanting "Remember Juliana!" and "No more poison!"  
An eyewitness told the Homeland Illumination that when the gates opened to allow GAStech company vehicles to exit the facility the protesters moved aside.  Witnesses agree that at the same time vehicles with the Government of Kronos seal drove to the gates, apparently planning to enter the facility. 
"It was all very civil up till then," Griffith Mabel, an Elodis resident who had come out to support the POK told the Homeland Illumination.   "The gates opened, the POK people moved and the trucks drove out.  That's when it got weird.  The trucks stopped in the middle of the road for no reason."
Another eyewitness, Elodis farmer Charley Normand adds, "Yeah, the POK guys asked the drivers to move nicely, but the GAStech drivers ignored them.  They had their windows down, so it wasn't like they couldn't hear them."
The occupants of the government vehicles exited and joined the altercation.  The sequence of events becomes confusing at this point.  Some witnesses state the GAStech drivers instigated arguments with the protestors, and others think the government officials began to strong arm the protesters from the road.
"Turns out the people in the government cars were police," Mabel tells the Homeland Illumination.  "They wore uniforms and had badges."
Onlookers tell the Homeland Illumination that the three parties began yelling, and at some point the Kronos police - presumably from Abila-  arrested the five activists and transported them to an Elodis jail.
Despite repeated requests for an interview, the Homeland Illumination has not been granted access to those arrested.
 
The Truth

The activists interrupt movement near the areas of bending Tiskele



2001/08/31




ABILA, Kronos - five young people were arrested yesterday for protesting near the entrance to the areas of bending Tiskele since they requested government action their aim environment questions concerning the verrichtingen of GAStech at the place.  Protestors, members of the activist group guards Kronos, kept signs reading: Drilling poisoned our water and reminds Juliana, to 10 one people whose birthday it is Juliana referring Vann, who a pictogram for the guards of Kronos has become since its in 1998.  Protestors were arrested after one young people are sign at a government vehicle which threw, which its window bursts and the occupants startle.  Spokesman Adrien Carman of the police force aforesaid of arrests, we decided the protest by the members POK to close who have increased to further violence.  They were animated there rather.



These guards of Kronos are really a edge minority of people against the avulsion of fossil fuels in our country, aforesaid the my Gurganus of the government.  People of Kronos are overwhelming for development of our natural wealth are and all have profited of the resulting economic growth.  These activists clearly do not understand the whole picture.







