The Orb

DOCUMENTARY CARD OF PUBLIC HEALTH Of ELODIS 2002



2002/05/26


ELODIS, Kronos - the center of health of the Community of Elodis published an update with health for all the study carried out in 1998.  The effects of acid displacement hyper of substrate (HASR), a technique of drilling discussed continue to devastate the health of the residents of Elodis.  The detailed report/ratio will be announced soon on the municipal Web site of Elodis.

Climaxes

* The death rate and the incidence of the chronic disease increased more than 178% of the former years

* The exceptionally high incidence of cancer became so obvious that the Minister for Nespola health named a specialist in oncology at the hospital general in Abila



Daily Pegasus

LEAF 2002 OF THE FACT OF THE PUBLIC HEALTH OF ELODIS



2002/05/27


ELODIS, Kronos - the center of the health of the community of Elodis has published an update to the health for all the study made in 1998.  The effects of the hyperactive acid retirement of the substratum (HASR), a technique that perforates controversy continue to ravage the health of the residents of Elodis.  The report detailed soon will be fixed to the municipal Web site of Elodis.

I touch of light

* The index of mortality and the incidence of the chronic disease increased on 178% as of previous years

* The unusually high incidence of the cancer got to be so evident that the minister of the Nespola health designated to specialist from the oncología to the general hospital of Abila



Homeland Illumination
ELODIS PUBLIC HEALTH FACT SHEET 2002
Maha Salo
25 May 2002

ELODIS, Kronos -The Elodis Community Health Center has published an update to the Wellness for All study performed in 1998.  The effects of Hyper Acidic Substrate Removal (HASR), a controversial drilling technique continue to ravage the health of Elodis residents.  The full report will soon be posted on the Elodis municipal website.
Highlights
* The mortality rate and incidence of chronic illness increased  over 178% from prior years
* The unusually high incidence of cancer became so apparent that Minister of Health Nespola appointed an oncology specialist to Abila General Hospital

The Wrap

SHEET 2002 OF THE PUBLIC HEALTH ELODIS



2002/05/27


ELODIS, Kronos - the Community center of health Elodis have already published update to Wellness for study which is carried out in 1998.  The impact of the Hyper Zuurrijke disposal of the substrate (HASR), controversial boring technique continues devastate the health of residents Elodis.  The elaborate report will shortly be posted concerning the municipal Internet site Elodis.

Peaks

* Raised the mortaliteitstarief and the by-effect of chronic sickness more than 178% of former years

* The uncommon high frekwentie of cancer became this way clear that the minister of health Nespola a cancerology specialist to Abila appointed the general hospital



News Online Today

ELODIS PUBLIC HEALTH FACT SHEET 2002 

 

2002/05/25
 

ELODIS, Kronos -The Elodis Community Health Center has published an update to the Wellness for All study performed in 1998.

