The Light of Truth

THE ROUCOULEMENT OF HANK FLUSS GASTECH DIES IN 73



2003/05/19


CENTRUM, Tethys - the hank Fluss, ROUCOULEMENT of international GAStech, died of a heart attack at its office in the registered offices of the center of the centrum of the company. Although Fluss was 73 years, its death came like shock.



The Fluss hank spent 40 years with GAStech, treating as a friend Sten Sanjorge, Sr. in 1963 when both started outside all alone. Like wildcatters, they started to drill in the sectors not previously known to be gas layers. After much failed of the wells and on the point of the financial ruin, of Fluss and Sanjorge, Sr. tightened on finding thereafter one of the largest layers of gases unexploited in Tethys.



As a leader of operation in chief, Fluss making supervised the expansion of GAStech, really him a company international and growing it in an operation billionaire of the dollar. Always a champion of the environmental causes, Fluss had become increasingly disillusioned with the operation of GAStech - of Kronos tightening his relationship with PRESIDENT Sten Sanjorge, Jr. 



The Fluss hank is survived by his 54 year old wife, Beatriz Fluss, its 5 children, and 12 children.



News Online Today

HANK FLUSS GASTECH COO DIES AT 73 

 

2003/05/17
 

CENTRUM, Tethys - Hank Fluss, COO of GAStech International, died of a heart attack at his desk in the company's downtown Centrum headquarters.  

 

Hank Fluss is survived by his wife of 54 years, Beatriz Fluss, his 5 children, and 12 grandchildren.

The General Post

THE COO OF DIES IN 73



2003/05/19


CENTER, Tethys - Sten Sanjorge Jr, COO of international GAStech, died of an attack of the heart in its writing-desk in the centric headquarters of the center of the company. Although Sanjorge was 73 years, its death came like shock.



The Sanjorge spent 40 years with GAStech, befriending Hank Fluss in 1963 in which both began towards outside in his the own ones. Like wildcatters, they began to perforate in the known areas not previously to be gas fields. After many it failed wells and on the verge of the financial ruin, of Fluss and Sanjorge, Mr. pressed in possible finding one of the gas fields without taking advantage of greater Tethys.



Like main official of operation, Fluss has supervised to the extension of GAStech, truth doing to him to an international company and growing it in a multibillonaria operation of the dollar. Always a champion of environmental causes, Sanjorge had disillusioned more and more with the operation of GAStech - of Kronos that filtered its relation with the CEO Hank Fluss, Jr. 



Sten Sanjorge Jr is survived by its wife of 54 years, Beatriz, its 5 children, and 12 grandsons.



The World
HANK FLUSS GASTECH COO DIES AT 73

17 May 2003

CENTRUM, Tethys - Hank Fluss, COO of GAStech International, died of a heart attack at his desk in the company's downtown Centrum headquarters. Though Fluss was 73 years old, his death came as a shock.

Hank Fluss spent 40 years with GAStech, befriending Sten Sanjorge, Sr. in 1963 when the two started out on their own. As wildcatters, they began drilling in areas not previously known to be gas fields. After many failed wells and on the brink of financial ruin, Fluss and Sanjorge, Sr. pressed on eventually finding one of the largest untapped gas fields in Tethys.

As Chief Operating Officer, Fluss has overseen GAStech's expansion, truly making it an international company and growing it into a multi-billion dollar operation. Always a champion of environmental causes, Fluss had become increasingly disenchanted with the GAStech - Kronos operation straining his relationship with CEO Sten Sanjorge, Jr. 

Hank Fluss is survived by his wife of 54 years, Beatriz Fluss, his 5 children, and 12 grandchildren.

Who What News

HANK FLUSS GASTECH COO DIES AT 73 

 

2003/05/18
 

CENTRUM, Tethys - Hank Fluss, COO of GAStech International, died of a heart attack at his desk in the company's downtown Centrum headquarters. Though Fluss was 73 years old, his death came as a shock. 

 

Hank Fluss spent 40 years with GAStech, befriending Sten Sanjorge, Sr. After many failed wells and on the brink of financial ruin, Fluss and Sanjorge, Sr. 

 

As Chief Operating Officer, Fluss has overseen GAStech's expansion, truly making it an international company and growing it into a multi-billion dollar operation. Always a champion of environmental causes, Fluss had become increasingly disenchanted with the GAStech - Kronos operation straining his relationship with CEO Sten Sanjorge, Jr.  

 

Hank Fluss is survived by his wife of 54 years, Beatriz Fluss, his 5 children, and 12 grandchildren.

The Tulip

COO GASTECH OF THE STRICT FLUSS MATRICES AT 73



2003/05/19


CENTER, Tethys - the strict Fluss, international COO of GAStech, died to a heart attack at its office in the hoofdkwartier of the binnenstad of the center of the company. Although Fluss 73 were years old, came be dead as a bump.



The strict Fluss brought 40 years which with GAStech by, Sten Sanjorge, SR befriending. in 1963, then two on them started. As wildcatters, they did not start drill in areas that rather become have known for gasvelden. After a lot of been lacking draw and on the edge of financial ruïne, Fluss and Sanjorge, SR. pressed at eventually finding one of the largest onaangesproken gasvelden in Tethys.



As a most important working civil servant, Fluss have loved supervision of the extension GAStech, real turning into a international company and growing it in multi-billion a dollar far direction. Always a champion of environment causes, Fluss more and more disenchanted with the verrichting GAStech had become which - Kronos its proportion with CEO Sten Sanjorge, Jr. spant. 



The strict Fluss are survived by its woman of 54 years, Beatriz Fluss, are 5 children, and 12 children.



