Central Bulletin

ELODIS PROTESTS TURN TO RIOTS AND ARRESTS  

 

2005/09/25
 

ELODIS, Kronos - The Protectors of Kronos (POK) continue to protest against the Kronos Government and GAStech International alleging pollution, water contamination and a lack of a government response. Lately the protests have turned violent escalating into rioting largely directed at the Tiskele Bend site. After the recent rioting, government officials had no choice, but to round up the protesters and arrest them for trespassing. 

 

Government spokesman Rufus Drymiau commented, "These sort of violent actions by members of the Protectors of Kronos are counterproductive. We are working closely - the government and GAStech - to ensure that all environmental issues are resolved." 

 

Several instances of rioting in and around Elodis have been reported including the trashing of government buildings, rock throwing, and tire burnings.

News Online Today

ELODIS PROTESTS TURN TO RIOTS AND ARRESTS  

 

2005/09/25
 

ELODIS, Kronos - The Protectors of Kronos (POK) continue to protest against the Kronos Government and GAStech International alleging pollution, water contamination and a lack of a government response. After the recent rioting, government officials had no choice, but to round up the protesters and arrest them for trespassing.

Athena Speaks

TURN OF PROTESTS Of ELODIS TO the RIOTS AND the ARRESTS 



2005/09/26


ELODIS, Kronos - the guards of Kronos (POK) continue to protest against the pollution of international allegation of government and GAStech de Kronos, the contamination of water and a lack of a response of government. Recently the protests transformed the violent climbing into being assembled mainly directed to the site of curve of Tiskele.



The last event made take part protesters of POK forming a human chain to block the entry of the site of curve of Tiskele de GAStech. After assembling itself recent, the civils servant of government did not have any choice, but with high round the protesters and stop them for the infringement.



The spokesman Rufus Drymiau of government commented on, "that those the kind of actions force by members of the guards of Kronos are counterproductive. We narrowly work - the government and GAStech - to assure us that all the environmental questions are solved."



Several examples to assemble itself in and around Elodis were reported including/understanding trashing buildings of government, the launching of rock, and the burnings of tire. The police force answered quickly and decisively. The various skirmishes with the police force finished in the arrests.  



The Abila Post
ELODIS PROTESTS TURN TO RIOTS AND ARRESTS 

24 September 2005

ELODIS, Kronos - The Protectors of Kronos (POK) continue to protest against the Kronos Government and GAStech International alleging pollution, water contamination and a lack of a government response. Lately the protests have turned violent escalating into rioting largely directed at the Tiskele Bend site.

The latest event involved POK protesters forming a human chain to block the entrance of GAStech's Tiskele Bend site. After the recent rioting, government officials had no choice, but to round up the protesters and arrest them for trespassing.

Government spokesman Rufus Drymiau commented, "These sort of violent actions by members of the Protectors of Kronos are counterproductive. We are working closely - the government and GAStech - to ensure that all environmental issues are resolved."

Several instances of rioting in and around Elodis have been reported including the trashing of government buildings, rock throwing, and tire burnings. Police have responded swiftly and decisively. The various skirmishes with police have ended in arrests.  

News Desk

THE TURN OF PROTESTS ELODIS TO BABBLE AND ARRESTS 



2005/09/25


ELODIS, Kronos - the guards of Kronos (POK) continue protest the government Kronos and, water pollution and a lack of a government response against international claiming GAStech pollution. Recently the protests have violent increasing in herrie kick mainly conducted at the place changed of bending Tiskele.



The most recent event protesters POK involved form a human collar to block van GAStech the entrance of the place of the bending of Tiskele. After the recent herrie kick, the government civil servants no choice, but were make protesters omhoog round and them to arrest for violating.



The spokesman Rufus Drymiau of the government becommentariërde, these type of violent action members of the guards of Kronos are wrong. We cooperate closely - the government and GAStech - ensure that all environment questions. are solved



Different agencies of herrie kick in and has been communicated around Elodis including trashing of government bldg., rock which, and link throws burning. The police force has answered rapidly and undeniably. The several clashes with police force have gebeëindigd in arrests.  



The Explainer

RETURN OF THE PROTESTS OF ELODIS TO THE UPROARS AND THE HALTINGS 



2005/09/26


ELODIS, Kronos - the protectors of Kronos (POK) continue protesting against the contamination that alleges international of the government and GAStech de Kronos, the contamination of the water and a deficiency of an answer of the government. The protests have given violent return lately to extension in releasing the brakes itself to a great extent directed in the site of the curve of Tiskele.



The last event implied demonstrators of POK that formed a human chain to block the entrance of the site of the curve of Tiskele de GAStech. After releasing the brakes itself recent, the officials of the government did not have any option, but to ascending round the demonstrators they arrest and it to violate.



The spokesman Rufus Drymiau of the government commented, "who these the class of violent actions of the members of the protectors of Kronos is ineffective. We are working close by - the government and the GAStech - assuring to us that all the environmental editions are resolute."



Several cases of releasing the brakes itself in and around Elodis have been disclosed including trashing of the buildings of the government, to send of the rock, and burnings of the tire. The police has responded quickly and decisive. The several skirmishes with police have finished in haltings.  



