The Continent

Four people have died in an enthusiastic discharge near Elodis 



2007/03/19


Of nine years - the old boy initially survived the discharge and flown to the hospital of children Abila, but had been explained on arrival. 

The police force says they 25 to an one person whose birthday it is truck driver in preservation at the prison Elodis has.

The civil servants say a car which comes in flames after in collision with a truck GAStech on Road Calistermi has burst flat by 9AM (KDT).

Kronos team of the victim of a calamity identification were sent to examine the shipwreck.

The aid police force commissioner Adian Koppolis described the scene horrific.

He said of nine years - the old boy was found walking around the ongevallenplaats.

It is tragic that nobody eventually survived.  The ways can from here treacherous be when you are not constant watchfully whereas floating, he said.

He saw on that the truck in the junction proceeded then the car the right of manner had.  

News Online Today 

Four people have died in a fiery road crash near Elodis  

 

2007/03/19
 

A nine-year old boy initially survived the crash and had been flown to Abila Children's Hospital, but was declared dead on arrival.  

Police say they have a 25 year old truck driver in custody at the Elodis jail.

Daily Pegasus

THE GASTECH CAR STRIKES THE AUTOMOBILE NEAR ELODIS, FAMILY OF FOUR DEAD ONES 



2007/03/21


ELODIS, Kronos - a collision of the vehicle demanded the lives of a family of Elodis, including afternoon of Tuesday of two children.  The family traveled to house of a program of the school where one of the children had been made in the program of the means in the primary school of Elodis.



Auxiliary commission Fixes Koppolis of the police of Elodis disclosed three of the victims died in the scene of the accident.  Marcellus Edris, 33, its Valeria wife, 30, its Celia daughter, 7 died in the scene of the accident.  A son, carmine, survived the initial collision but he died more ahead in a hospital of Abila.



The 25 years not identified - the old driver of the car of GAStech was maintained at night in the jail of the city of Elodis, and later sent.



The initial information of the investigators indicate that the driver of the car had entered illegal the intersection in where he had could not stop in a sample of the shutdown, whereas the other vehicle had the right of the way.



The police this Koppolis of Elodis commission would lead a complete investigation.

The Wrap

GASTECH TOUCH THE TRUCK CAR NEAR ELODIS, FAMILY OF DEAD FOUR 



2007/03/22


ELODIS, Kronos - a vehicle collision required living a family Elodis, including two children Tuesday afternoon.  The family reiste to house of a school programme where one of the children in the programme of spring on primary school Elodis had performed.



The aid police force of Elodis reported commissioner Adian Koppolis three of the victims at the scene of the accident died.  Marcellus Edris, 33, its woman Valeria, 30, their for the Celia, 7 died at the scene of the accident.  A zoon, the my, survived initial collision but died later at the hospital Abila.



The not identified 25 years - the old driver the truck GAStech was loved in the Elodis town prison nocturnal, and was then delivered.



The initial reports of the research workers give the truck driver illegally the junction had discussed where he had not succeeded in at an end sign, stopping whereas the other vehicle had the right of manner.



Commissioner Koppolis said Elodis to the police force a complete research would lead.

Everyday News

Four people have died in an ardent collapse of the way near Elodis 



2007/03/19


Of nine years - the old boy survived initially the collapse and had been flown to the hospital of the children of Abila, but he was declared absolutely in arrival. 

The police says that it has a driver of the car of 25 years in safekeeping in the jail of Elodis.

The officials say a car exploded in the flames after hitting a car of GAStech in the way of Calistermi moments before 9AM (KDT).

An equipment of the identification of the victim of the disaster of Kronos was sent to examine the rest.

Auxiliary commission Fixes Koppolis of the police described the scene like "horrific".

He said the one of nine years - they found to the old boy vagar around the site of the accident.

"He is tragic that survived nobody in last instance.  The ways towards outside can here be treasonous when you are not constantly watchman whereas she leads," he said.

It observed that the car happened in the intersection when the car had the right of the way.  

The Orb

The TRUCK OF GASTECH RUNS UP AGAINST the CAR CLOSE To ELODIS, FAMILY OF FOUR DEAD 



2007/03/22


ELODIS, Kronos - a collision of vehicle claimed the lives of a family of Elodis, including two children Tuesday afternoon.  The family travelled to the house of a program of school where one of the children had carried out in spring the program at the primary school of Elodis.



Auxiliary police chief Adian Koppolis of police force of Elodis brought back three of the victims died to the scene of the accident.  Marcellus Edris, 33, his Valeria wife, 30, their Celia daughter, 7 died in the scene of the accident.  A son, carmine, survived the initial collision but died later in a hospital of Abila.



25 years not identified - the old driver of the truck of GAStech was judged during the night in prison of town of Elodis, and then released.



The initial reports/ratios of the investigators state that the driver of truck had illegally entered the intersection where it had does not stop with a sign of stop, whereas the other vehicle had the right of the manner.



The Koppolis police force of Elodis police chief would undertake a full research.

News Online Today

GASTECH TRUCK HITS AUTOMOBILE NEAR ELODIS, FAMILY OF FOUR DEAD  

 

2007/03/21
 

ELODIS, Kronos - A vehicle collision claimed the lives of an Elodis family, including two children Tuesday afternoon.  The family was traveling home from a school program where one of the children had performed in the Spring Program at Elodis Primary School.

International Times
Four people have died in a fiery road crash near Elodis 

18 March 2007

A nine-year old boy initially survived the crash and had been flown to Abila Children's Hospital, but was declared dead on arrival. 
Police say they have a 25 year old truck driver in custody at the Elodis jail.
Officers say a car burst into flames after colliding with a GAStech truck on Calistermi Road just before 9AM (KDT).
A Kronos disaster victim identification team was sent to examine the wreckage.
Assistant Police Commissioner Adian Koppolis described the scene as "horrific".
He said the nine-year old boy was found wandering around the accident site.
"It's tragic that no one ultimately survived.  The roads out here can be treacherous when you are not constantly vigilant while driving," he said.
He noted that the truck passed into the intersection when the car had the right of way.  
World Journal

Four people died in a burning accident of road close to Elodis 



2007/03/20


One nine years - the old boy at the beginning survived the accident and had been stolen at the hospital of the children of Abila, but was declared completely on the arrival. 

The police force says that they have a driver of 25 year old truck in the guard with the prison of Elodis.

The leaders say a car burst in flames after having run up a truck of GAStech on the road of Calistermi right before 9AM (KDT).

A team of identification of victim of disaster of Kronos was sent to examine the wreck.

Auxiliary police chief Adian Koppolis of police force described the scene like "terrifying".

He said nine years - the old boy proved to wander around the site of accidents.

"It is tragic that nobody finally survived.  The roads outside here can be unfair when you are not constantly vigilant while leading," it said.

It noted that the truck passed in the intersection when the car had the right of the manner.  

All News Today

GASTECH TRUCK HITS AUTOMOBILE NEAR ELODIS, FAMILY OF FOUR DEAD  

 

2007/03/21
 

ELODIS, Kronos - A vehicle collision claimed the lives of an Elodis family, including two children Tuesday afternoon.  The family was traveling home from a school program where one of the children had performed in the Spring Program at Elodis Primary School. 

 

Elodis Assistant Police Commissioner Adian Koppolis reported three of the victims died at the scene of the accident.  Marcellus Edris, 33, his wife Valeria, 30, their daughter Celia, 7 died at the scene of the accident. 

 

The unidentified 25-year old driver of the GAStech truck was held overnight in the Elodis city jail, and then released. 

 

Commissioner Koppolis said Elodis police would conduct a full investigation.

Homeland Illumination
GASTECH TRUCK HITS AUTOMOBILE NEAR ELODIS, FAMILY OF FOUR DEAD 
Maha Salo
20 March 2007

ELODIS, Kronos - A vehicle collision claimed the lives of an Elodis family, including two children Tuesday afternoon.  The family was traveling home from a school program where one of the children had performed in the Spring Program at Elodis Primary School.

Elodis Assistant Police Commissioner Adian Koppolis reported three of the victims died at the scene of the accident.  Marcellus Edris, 33, his wife Valeria, 30, their daughter Celia, 7 died at the scene of the accident.  A son, Carmine, survived the initial collision but died later at an Abila hospital.

The unidentified 25-year old driver of the GAStech truck was held overnight in the Elodis city jail, and then released.

Initial reports from the investigators state the truck driver had illegally entered the intersection where he had failed to halt at a stop sign, while the other vehicle had the right of way.

Commissioner Koppolis said Elodis police would conduct a full investigation.
