The World
GASTECH ADOPTS NEW LOGO

15 May 2009

CENTRUM, Tethys - With great fanfare GAStech International's President and CEO Sten Sanjorge, Jr. revealed the company's new logo, part of the company's rebranding process. 

During the press conference Sanjorge, Jr. spoke of the new logo - a tri-part blue flame - that is reminiscent of a leaf to "help position GAStech and its products as a clean fuel alternative." He also referenced that the tri-part flame represents the past, present, and future of the company in that by keeping "one eye on the past we know from where we came - our humble beginnings; one eye on the future we will know where we are going - our coming success; and both feet planted in the present we will be proactive in an ever-changing, competitive industry."

Finally, Sanjorge, Jr. asserted GAStech International's "blue flame is an enduring beacon of environmental responsibility, and a symbol of a clean energy business moving forward." 

This rebranding process and new logo seem to be in response to recent trouble the multi-national gas giant has been struggling with in Kronos including the February 19 protest at GAStech - Kronos' headquarters of 200 people who blocked entrance to the building, resulting in several arrests. The protest and others in and around Abila, the capital of Kronos, have been in response to alleged water contamination issues and a lack of Government and GAStech response.

Sten Sanjorge, Jr. declined to comment directly on questions regarding protests and environmental contamination. He deflected, "Today is a great day for GAStech. I won't let the day be derailed by unfounded, borderline libelous, allegations." 
Who What News

GASTECH ADOPTS NEW LOGO 

 

2009/05/16
 

CENTRUM, Tethys - With great fanfare GAStech International's President and CEO Sten Sanjorge, Jr. spoke of the new logo - a tri-part blue flame - that is reminiscent of a leaf to "help position GAStech and its products as a clean fuel alternative." He also referenced that the tri-part flame represents the past, present, and future of the company in that by keeping "one eye on the past we know from where we came - our humble beginnings; asserted GAStech International's "blue flame is an enduring beacon of environmental responsibility, and a symbol of a clean energy business moving forward."  

 

This rebranding process and new logo seem to be in response to recent trouble the multi-national gas giant has been struggling with in Kronos including the February 19 protest at GAStech - Kronos' headquarters of 200 people who blocked entrance to the building, resulting in several arrests. The protest and others in and around Abila, the capital of Kronos, have been in response to alleged water contamination issues and a lack of Government and GAStech response. He deflected, "Today is a great day for GAStech.

The Light of Truth

GASTECH ADOPTS THE NEW LOGO



2009/05/17


CENTRUM, Tethys - with international president and PRESIDENT Sten Sanjorge de GAStech of large brass band, Jr. the new logo of the company indicated, part of the process rebranding of the company. 



During, the spoke conference Sanjorge press of Jr. new logo - a non luminous flame of tripartite which east réminiscent of a sheet "to help the GAStech position and its products like clean fuel alternative." It also put in reference that the flame of tripartite represents the past, present, and the future of the company in that by keeping "an eye the past where we know where we came - our humble beginnings; an eye the future we will know where we go - our next success; and the two feet planted in the present we will be proactifs in never-changing, competing industry."



In conclusion, Sanjorge, Jr. GAStech "the non luminous flame affirmed that international is a durable beacon of the environmental responsibility, and an advancing symbol of the clean businesses of energy." 



This rebranding the logo of process and new seem to be in response to the recent trouble that the multinational gas giant had fought with in Kronos including/understanding the protest of February 19 to the registered offices of GAStech - of Kronos of 200 people who blocked the entry with the building, having for result several arrests. The protest and others in and around Abila, the capital of Kronos, were in response to the pled questions of contamination of water and to a lack of response of government and GAStech.



Sten Sanjorge, Jr. refused to directly present its observations on questions concerning of the protests and the contamination of the environment. It guided, "is today a splendid day for GAStech. I will not let the day be run off the line by nonfounded, limits libelous, allegations." 

News Online Today

GASTECH ADOPTS NEW LOGO 

 

2009/05/16
 

CENTRUM, Tethys - With great fanfare GAStech International's President and CEO Sten Sanjorge, Jr. spoke of the new logo - a tri-part blue flame - that is reminiscent of a leaf to "help position GAStech and its products as a clean fuel alternative."  

 

This rebranding process and new logo seem to be in response to recent trouble the multi-national gas giant has been struggling with in Kronos including the February 19 protest at GAStech - Kronos' headquarters of 200 people who blocked entrance to the building, resulting in several arrests.

The Tulip

GASTECH APPROVE NEW EMBLEM



2009/05/16


CENTER, Tethys - with large fanfare international President and CEO Sten Sanjorge van GAStech, revealed Jr. the new emblem of the company, a part of the rebranding process of the company. 



During the press conference Sanjorge, spoke Jr. of the new emblem - tri-deel a blue flame - which is of a booklet reminding position GAStech and is help products as a clean fuel alternative. He also provided with references that tri-deelvlam represent the past, the present, and the future of the company in that by one eye on the past that to keep we have known of where we came - our records beginning; one eye on the future we will know where we - our coming success to go; and both feet which are planted in the present we in the ongoing changing, competitive industry. proactively is



Finally Sanjorge, Jr. claimed international blue flame GAStech treaties land-mark of environment responsibility, and a symbol of clean energy matter are which. moves itself ahead 



This rebranding process and new emblem seem be for in reply to recent problem the multinational gasreus with in Kronos including 19 February protest at the hoofdkwartier of GAStech - of Kronos of 200 people has wrestled who blocked entrance to the bldg., resulting in different arrests. The protest and others in and around Abila, the capital of Kronos, have been in reply to the so-called questions of the water pollution and a lack of government and response GAStech.



Sten Sanjorge, Jr. decreased to give comment directly on questions concerning protests and environment pollution. He did deviate, today a large day for GAStech is. I the day by unfounded, libelous leave border has gone off the rails, statements. 

The General Post

GASTECH ADOPTS NEW STANDARD



2009/05/17


CENTER, Tethys - with president and international CEO Sten Sanjorge de GAStech of great fanfarria, the Jr revealed the new standard of the company, leaves from the process rebranding of the company. 



During the press conference Sanjorge, ray of the new standard - a blue flame of the Jr of the tri-part that is evocative of a leaf "to help to the GAStech position and its products as alternative clean of the fuel." It also talked about that the flame of the tri-part represents last, the present one, and the future of the company in that keeping "an eye in the past that we know where we came - from our humble principles; an eye in the future we will know where we go - our success that comes; and both feet planted in the present we will be proactivates in always-changing, competitive industry."



Finally, Sanjorge, Jr affirmed GAStech that the "international blue flame is a light that hold of the environmental responsibility, and a symbol of a clean business of the energy that moved ahead." 



This rebranding new standard of process and looks like to be in answer to recent hardship that the multinational giant of the gas has been fighting with in Kronos including the protest of the 19 of February in the headquarters of GAStech - of Kronos of 200 people who blocked the entrance to the building, giving by result several haltings. The protest and others in and around Avila, the capital of Kronos, have been in answer to editions alleged of the contamination of the water and to a deficiency of the answer of the government and of GAStech.



Sten Sanjorge, Jr declined to directly comment with respect to questions with respect protests and to the contamination of environment. It turned aside, "is today a great day for GAStech. I will not let the day be made derail by infundado, border libelous, allegations." 

