Athena Speaks

REGISTERED OFFICES OF GASTECH BLOCKED BY POK



2009/02/21


ABILA, Kronos - a gathering of POK conceived to give the attention to the complaints of the environmental damage made more damage with their image. The gathering apart from international registered offices of GAStech had like consequence of the multiple arrests for the infringement.



Approximately two hundred people met in front of the signs of slogans and to undulate of song of building of GAStech which held the faces of the people who died allegedly because of the contamination of the environment.  Tens of the protestateurs were connected with the doors of the building in order to try to prevent employees of GAStech from going to work.



To maintain order Carman of Adrien of spokesman said, "us have allowed group certain latitude with their gathering, but when GAStech complained that the protestateurs blocked the entry with their building, we had to act.  The last thing that we wanted to produce to us was so that an employee of GAStech obtains the evil by crowd right because it tried to go to work."



The civils servant of government expressed concerns for the "model of the increasingly aggressive tactic by the guards of Kronos." In response to the increased aggression of the POK, additional safety will be provided to ensure public safety for all the future gatherings.



Civils servant of GAStech refused to currently comment on indicating an official report/ratio will be published on the incident.

News Desk

GASTECH HOOFDKWARTIER THAT POK ARE BLOCKED



2009/02/21


ABILA, Kronos - a collection POK which is devised has caused to bring attention to requirements of environment damage more damage to their picture. The collection outside international hoofdkwartier GAStech resulted in multiple arrests for violating.



Approximately two hundred people collected themselves for the GAStech construction chanting slogans and the undulating signs which loved visages people that according to reports because of environment pollution have died.  Ten of protestors chained themselves to the doors of the bldg. in a attempt employees prevent GAStech will work.



Spokesman Adrien aforesaid Carman of the police force, we permitted the group one or other breadth with their collection, but when GAStech complained that protestors entrance to their construction blocked, we had demonstrate.  The last thing which we have wanted to happen were for become to be hurt employee GAStech who by the mob only because he tried will work.



The civil servants of the government have care for the pattern of more and more aggressive tactic by the guards of Kronos. expressed in reply to raised aggression of POK, the extra security will be supplied to insure public security for all future collections.



Civil servants of GAStech decreased to comment on this moment indicating on official declaration on the incident will be spent.

The Truth

Protest POK on the ends of the Hoofdkwartier GAStech in arrests



2009/02/19


ABILA, Kronos - Dozens protesters which guards of the collection Kronos (of POK became) attend for the regional hoofdkwartier GAStech in Abila arrested for violating vanochtend.  The collection POK had been meant the attention on their requirements of environment damage which is caused to establish by the development of gas and oil areas around Kronos by foreign companies such as GAStech.  Approximately two hundred people collected themselves for the GAStech construction chanting slogans and the undulating signs which loved visages people that according to reports because of environment pollution have died.  Ten of protestors chained themselves to the doors of the bldg. in a attempt employees prevent GAStech will work.



Spokesman Adrien aforesaid Carman of the police force, we permitted the group one or other breadth with their collection, but when GAStech complained that protestors entrance to their construction blocked, we had demonstrate.  The last thing which we have wanted to happen were for become to be hurt employee GAStech who by the mob only because he tried will work.



POK, once a small political activist group citizens of the area Elodis, stimulation under the charismatic control of Elian Karel has been.  The spokesman Rufus Drymiau of the government aforesaid of the collection POK of today, we have been already some time concerned by a pattern of more and more aggressive tactic by the guards of Kronos. Given the incident of today, to president to Kapelou to the police force to offer rallies extra protection has commissioned POK future for public at.





The General Post

SANJORGE JR CONDEMNS POK LIKE TERRORISTS



2009/02/22


CENTER, Tethys - an official declaration sent by Sten Sanjorge, president of the Jr and the CEO of international GASTech, condemns the protectors of Kronos like "ilegítimo" and organization of the "terrorist". The declaration came in answer to the meeting of the protest of Wednesday by the POK in the headquarters of GAStech - of Kronos.



Rough 200 people collected in front of the mottos singing of the building of GAStech and the samples that shook that they alleged people have died the debt the results of the contamination of a site that it perforated of GAStech. Sanjorge, Jr responded to the demands of will refrán of the contamination of GAStech, "[GAStech] we have worked untiring to solve - if it did not excédase - the international standards of the health been suitable upon with the government of Kronos before nobodies and everything being perforated."



Ten demonstrators of POK were chained to the door of GAStech - Kronos except for entrance to the building. 



In very long Sanjorge of the declaration a Jr presents/displays to his discussion, "if a person is arranged to violate in deprived characteristic, if a person is arranged to be chained to a door to avoid that a business works, if a person is arranged to break windows and to burn the cars in her own city, then that person is arranged to make any thing. And if a person is arranged to make any thing to obtain her goal of the end who presses fear in the common citizen. I fear what he will do later because I fear which he is able. When a people group uses fear and the violence to obtain its goals of the end is only one word for them there and that word is terrorist."



The declaration concludes with Sanjorge, Jr who demands that the government of the system of Kronos until assures "not only the security my employees, only all the citizens of Kronos."

News Online Today

POK Protest at GAStech Headquarters Ends in Arrests 

 

2009/02/19
 

ABILA, Kronos - Dozens of protesters attending a Protectors of Kronos (POK) rally in front of the GAStech regional headquarters in Abila were arrested for trespassing this morning.  The POK rally was intended to draw attention to their claims of environmental damage being caused by the development of gas and oil fields around Kronos by foreign corporations like GAStech.  Government spokesman Rufus Drymiau said of today's POK rally, "We have been concerned by a pattern of increasingly aggressive tactics by the Protectors of Kronos for some time now.

The Explainer

HEADQUARTERS OF GASTECH BLOCKED BY POK



2009/02/20


ABILA, Kronos - a designed meeting of POK to bring the attention to the demands of the environmental damage has made more damage to its image. The meeting outside the international headquarters of GAStech gave rise to the multiple haltings to violate.



Near two hundred people they collected in front of the samples of the mottos and shaking singing of the building of GAStech that maintained visages of the people who alleged have died due to the contamination of environment.  Ten of protestors were chained to the doors of the building in an attempt to avoid that the employees of GAStech go to the work.



To clean to Carman de Adrien of spokesman said, "not we prohibited to group certain latitude with his meeting, but that when GAStech complained which protestors blocked the entrance to their building, we had to take the action.  The last thing that we wished to happen was so that an employee of GAStech obtains damage of the right crowd because he tried to go to work."



The officials of the government have expressed the preoccupation by the "pattern of tactics more and more aggressive by the protectors of Kronos." In answer to the increasing aggression of the POK, the additional security will be provided to assure the public security for all the future meetings.



They will publish the civil employees of GAStech declined to comment in this time that indicates an official declaration in the incident.

The Continent

The guards of Kronos van Kronos explained terrorist group



2009/02/23


<<Deleted picture: POK many demonstrations in the capital of Kronos van Abila>> have kept

Most important tale remains the reading	

The government of Kronos has explained the guards of Kronos a terrorist after in former days accusing of a deadly attack on politiehoofdkwartier these week groups himself.

Different of its verdedigers has been arrested in hard-handed act.

A LEADER POK did the gelofte that the protests would continue.

Spokesman Rufus Drymiau of the government kondigde the movement to, which will give more competence to the authorities on POK to burst.

He said that they belonged that to the group, it financed or is activities promoted punish under eyes would see.

Most important tale remains the reading	

The guards of Kronos

    Oldest and largest environment the activist organization of Kronos

    Set up in 1997.

    Influenced by international groups such as Wellness for all

    The political activism of mixtures with the environment work

    The use of negatives of violence and supports democratic principles

    Slogan: Justice for Juliana, a reference to 10 years - the old little girl Kronosian that as a result of government died environment pollution sponsored 



    



The decision was in reply to the bomb attack of Tuesday of politiehoofdkwartier in Abila, said he.

Kronos were fulfilled with abomination from North to south by the dreadful crime POK devoted, M. Drymiau said.

This was in context of dangerous escalation to violence against Kronos and Kronosians and a clear declaration by POK that it nothing knows then violence.

It is not possible for Kronos the state nor Kronos people to terrorism present POK.

Kronos will add Tethys which anti-terrorismeverdrag of 1998 of the decision had signed communicate, he.

Verdedigers POK

POK have denied the cause are of the attack, and the government Kronos of the intensification of kader-omhooggaand the group care for people to be silent bring accused.

A member POK told The Times that the decision of the government illegitimate was.

He added: The protests, certainly. to continue



News Online Today

GASTECH HEADQUARTERS BLOCKED BY POK 

 

2009/02/19
 

ABILA, Kronos - A POK rally designed to bring attention to claims of environmental damage have done more damage to their image. The rally outside of GAStech International's headquarters resulted in multiple arrests for trespassing.  Ten of the protestors chained themselves to the doors of the building in an attempt to prevent GAStech employees from going to work.

The Tulip

SANJORGE JR CONDEMN POK AS TERRORISTS



2009/02/22


CENTER, Tethys - an official declaration which by Sten Sanjorge, the international President of Jr. and CEO of GASTech are released, condemn the guards of Kronos as both illegitimate and terrorists organization. The declaration passed GAStech in reply to the protest collection of Wednesday POK at the hoofdkwartier - Kronos.



Roughly speaking 200 people who for the GAStech construction chanting slogans is collected and undulating sign claiming people been appropriate the results of pollution of GAStech boringsplaats have died. Sanjorge, Jr. answered saying to GAStech to the requirements of pollution, we [GAStech] tirelessly have worked meet - as do not exceed - the international gezondheidsnormen which on with the government of Kronos before no matter which and even if drilling is approved.



Ten protesters POK chained themselves to the door of barring entrance GAStech - Kronos to the bldg. 



In a long declaration Sanjorge Jr. its argument makes up, if a person is prepared on private possession, violate if a person is prepared to a door to chain to prevent if matter, a person is prepared to break windows and cars in its own city to burn, then has been prepared in functioning that person to put do no matter what. And if a person is prepared no matter what to do their eventual aim realize then to beat they apprehension in the common citizen. I fear what they will do afterwards because I fear what they arranged for to be. When a group people uses apprehension and violence their eventual aim to realize word there is only one for them and that word is terrorist.



The declaration decides with Sanjorge, Jr. requires that set up the government of Kronos to insure my employees, but all citizens the not only security of of Kronos.

Central Bulletin

GASTECH HEADQUARTERS BLOCKED BY POK 

 

2009/02/19
 

ABILA, Kronos - A POK rally designed to bring attention to claims of environmental damage have done more damage to their image. The rally outside of GAStech International's headquarters resulted in multiple arrests for trespassing. 

 

About two hundred people gathered in front of the GAStech building chanting slogans and waving signs that held the visages of people who have allegedly died due to environmental contamination.  Ten of the protestors chained themselves to the doors of the building in an attempt to prevent GAStech employees from going to work. 

 

Police spokesman Adrien Carman said, "We allowed the group some latitude with their rally, but when GAStech complained that the protestors were blocking entrance to their building, we had to take action.  The last thing we wanted to happen was for a GAStech employee to get hurt by the crowd just because he was trying to go to work."

The Light of Truth

SANJORGE JR CONDEMNS POK LIKE TERRORISTS



2009/02/21


CENTRUM, Tethys - an official report/ratio released by Sten Sanjorge, president de Jr. and PRESIDENT de international GASTech, condemns the guards of Kronos like "illegitimate" and organization of "terrorist". The report/ratio came in response to the gathering from the protest from one Wednesday by the POK with the registered offices from GAStech - from Kronos.



Roughly 200 people met in front of the slogans of song of building of GAStech and the undulating signs pleading people died due the results of the contamination starting from a site of drilling of GAStech. Sanjorge, Jr. answered the complaints of the stating of contamination of GAStech, "us [GAStech] worked about it inlassablement to meet - if not exceed - with the international standards of health agreed upon with the government of Kronos before and all drilling."



Ten protesters of POK were connected with the door of GAStech - Kronos except the entry with the building. 



In Sanjorge prolonged of report/ratio Jr. present its argument, "if a person is laid out with enfreindre on the private property, if a person is been willing to be connected with a door to prevent businesses from then operating, if a person is been willing to break windows and to burn cars in her own city, this person is been willing to do anything. And if a person is been willing to do anything to achieve their goal of end which they run up against fear in the common citizen. I fear what they will do after because I fear of what they are able. When a group of people employ fear and violence to achieve their goals of end there is only one word for them and this word is terrorist."



The report/ratio concludes with Sanjorge, Jr. requiring that the government of the whole of Kronos ensure until "not only the safety of my employees, but all citizens of Kronos."

Who What News

SANJORGE JR CONDEMNS POK AS TERRORISTS 

 

2009/02/21
 

CENTRUM, Tethys - An official statement released by Sten Sanjorge, Jr. President and CEO of GASTech International, condemns the Protectors of Kronos as both an "illegitimate" and a "terrorist" organization. The statement came in response to a Wednesday's protest rally by the POK at the GAStech - Kronos headquarters. 

 

Roughly 200 people gathered in front of the GAStech building chanting slogans and waving signs alleging people have died due the results of contamination from a GAStech drilling site. responded to the claims of GAStech contamination saying, "We [GAStech] have worked tirelessly to meet - if not exceed - the international health standards agreed upon with the Government of Kronos prior to any and all drilling." 

 

Ten POK protesters chained themselves to the door of GAStech - Kronos barring entry to the building. lays out his argument, "If a person is willing to trespass on private property, if a person is willing to chain himself to a door to prevent a business from operating, if a person is willing to break windows and burn cars in his own city, then that person is willing to do anything. And if a person is willing to do anything to accomplish their end goal than they strike fear in the common citizen.

International News

POK Protest at GAStech Headquarters Ends in Arrests 

 

2009/02/18
 

ABILA, Kronos - Dozens of protesters attending a Protectors of Kronos (POK) rally in front of the GAStech regional headquarters in Abila were arrested for trespassing this morning.  The POK rally was intended to draw attention to their claims of environmental damage being caused by the development of gas and oil fields around Kronos by foreign corporations like GAStech.  About two hundred people gathered in front of the GAStech building chanting slogans and waving signs that held the visages of people who have allegedly died due to environmental contamination.  Ten of the protestors chained themselves to the doors of the building in an attempt to prevent GAStech employees from going to work. 

 

Police spokesman Adrien Carman said, "We allowed the group some latitude with their rally, but when GAStech complained that the protestors were blocking entrance to their building, we had to take action.  Government spokesman Rufus Drymiau said of today's POK rally, "We have been concerned by a pattern of increasingly aggressive tactics by the Protectors of Kronos for some time now.

The Abila Post
GASTECH HEADQUARTERS BLOCKED BY POK

19 February 2009

ABILA, Kronos - A POK rally designed to bring attention to claims of environmental damage have done more damage to their image. The rally outside of GAStech International's headquarters resulted in multiple arrests for trespassing.

About two hundred people gathered in front of the GAStech building chanting slogans and waving signs that held the visages of people who have allegedly died due to environmental contamination.  Ten of the protestors chained themselves to the doors of the building in an attempt to prevent GAStech employees from going to work.

Police spokesman Adrien Carman said, "We allowed the group some latitude with their rally, but when GAStech complained that the protestors were blocking entrance to their building, we had to take action.  The last thing we wanted to happen was for a GAStech employee to get hurt by the crowd just because he was trying to go to work."

Government officials have expressed concern for the "pattern of increasingly aggressive tactics by the Protectors of Kronos." In response to increased aggression from the POK, additional security will be provided to ensure public safety for all future rallies.

GAStech officials declined to comment at this time indicating an official statement will be issued on the incident.
Worldwise

The protest of POK at GAStech sits of the ends in the arrests



2009/02/20


ABILA, Kronos - dozen protesters being present guards of gathering of Kronos (POK) in front of the regional registered offices of GAStech in Abila was stopped for enfreindre this morning.  The gathering of POK was designed to call the attention to their complaints of the environmental damage caused by the development of the oil and gas layers around Kronos by foreign companies like GAStech.  Approximately two hundred people met in front of the signs of slogans and to undulate of song of building of GAStech which held the faces of the people who died allegedly because of the contamination of the environment.  Tens of the protestateurs were connected with the doors of the building in order to try to prevent employees of GAStech from going to work.



To maintain order Carman of Adrien of spokesman said, "us have allowed group certain latitude with their gathering, but when GAStech complained that the protestateurs blocked the entry with their building, we had to act.  The last thing that we wanted to produce to us was so that an employee of GAStech obtains the evil by crowd right because it tried to go to work."



The POK, once a small political group of activist of the citizens of the area of Elodis, was revitalization under the charismatic control of Elian Karel.  The spokesman Rufus Drymiau of government said gathering of today of POK, "we were concerned with a model of the increasingly aggressive tactic by the guards of Kronos during a certain time now. In the light of the incident of today, President Kapelou ordered the police force to assure additional protection for the public futures rallys of POK."





The Guide

The protest of POK in GAStech establishes headquarters of ends in haltings



2009/02/19


ABILA, Kronos - the protectors of the meeting of Kronos (POK) in front of the district headquarterses of GAStech in Abila arrested to the dozens of demonstrators taking care of to violate this morning.  The POK meeting was thought to draw the attention to its demands of the environmental damage that was caused by the development of the deposits of the gas and petroleum around Kronos by foreign corporations like GAStech.  Near two hundred people they collected in front of the samples of the mottos and shaking singing of the building of GAStech that maintained visages of the people who alleged have died due to the contamination of environment.  Ten of protestors were chained to the doors of the building in an attempt to avoid that the employees of GAStech go to the work.



To clean to Carman de Adrien of spokesman said, "not we prohibited to group certain latitude with his meeting, but that when GAStech complained which protestors blocked the entrance to their building, we had to take the action.  The last thing that we wished to happen was so that an employee of GAStech obtains damage of the right crowd because he tried to go to work."



The POK, once small political group of the activist of citizens of the area of Elodis, has been revitalización under charismatic direction of Elian Karel.  The spokesman Rufus Drymiau of the government said of the meeting of today of POK, "now we have been referred by a pattern of tactics more and more aggressive by the protectors of Kronos by a certain hour. To the light of today incident, president Kapelou has ordered police to provide the additional protection for the public in rallys future of POK."





