Kronos Star
POK Protest at Abila Police Headquarters
Marcella Trapani
20 June 2010

ABILA, Kronos - A Protectors of Kronos demonstration was held in front of Abila police headquarters yesterday morning.  The POK had gathered in memorialize their former leader, Elian Karel, who died of natural causes in jail last year.  POK supporters carried signs with pictures of Karel and Juliana Vann, chanted slogans, and lit candles. 

The peaceful demonstration turned violent when two POK members accosted a man who attempted to enter the building on business.  The POK members hit him with a bottle, which knocked him to the ground and gave him a bloody gash on his forehead.  Abila police attempted to gain control of the situation by using bullhorns to call for the peaceful dispersal of the crowd, but the crowd responded to their calls by hurling insults along with a few rocks at the officers.  Police used tear gas to end the gathering, but a handful of die-hard POK members urged the crowd into melee with the officers.  Additional security forces had to be summoned to help contain the situation as the violence escalated.  When the tear gas finally cleared, six POK member were arrested on charges of assault on civil authorities and inciting a crowd to violence.  Three police officers were treated at Abila General Hospital for wounds received in the fight.

"We had been concerned that Silvia Marek's weak leadership is allowing the POK to be taken over by criminals and hooligans.  Today's events show that our concerns were valid," said police spokesman Adrien Carman.  Marek replaced Elian Karel as the popular figurehead of the POK movement last summer.
The Truth

Protest POK at the Hoofdkwartier of the police force Abila



2010/06/22


ABILA, Kronos - the guards were loved demonstration Kronos for Abila the morning the politiehoofdkwartier yesterday.  POK within memorialize their former LEADER, Elian Karel had collected himself, who died previous year to natural causes in prison.  Chanted the verdedigers behave signs POK with pictures of Karel and Juliana Vann, slogans, and strike candles to. 



Peaceful demonstration twisted violently then two members POK people accosted who tried the bldg. matter discuss.  The members POK touched him with a bottle, which him was correct to the ground and him cuts bloodily on its face gave.  Police force of Abila tried control of the situation to use reach bullhorns the peaceful distribution of the mob to keep on asking, but the mob answered to their question by swinging rocks insults with a couple at the civil servants.  The police force used himself traangas to conclude collecting, but hand-full tough members POK exhorted the mob in melee with the civil servants.  Extra security strengths had be convened to help the situation to contain since violence lane.  When the traangas definitively clearred, paragraph six POK was arrested on charges of attack on civil authorities and calling a mob to violence.  Three police force civil servants were treated at the general hospital Abila for wounds which is received in the fight.



We had been concerned that the weak control of Silvia Marek's allows POK for concerning by criminals and hooligans are taken.  The events of today tones to that our care, aforesaid police force spokesman Adrien Carman valid were.  Marek replaced Elian Karel as popular figurehead of the movement POK the previous summer.

Worldwise

Protest of POK to the registered offices of police force of Abila



2010/06/22


ABILA, Kronos - guards of the demonstration of Kronos were held in front of registered offices of police force of Abila yesterday morning.  The POK had collected inside memorialize their former chief, Elian Karel, which died last year of the normal causes in prison.  The defenders of POK carried signs with images of Karel and of Juliana Vann, slogans sang, and lit candles. 



The peaceful demonstration turned violent one when two members of POK approached a man who tried to enter the building on businesses.  The members of POK struck it with a bottle, which struck it with the ground and gave him a bloody notch on its face.  The police force of Abila tried to gain the ordering of the situation by using foghorns to claim the peaceful dispersion of crowd, but crowd answered their calls while launching insults with some rocks with the leaders.  The police force was accustomed to the teargas to finish the gathering, but a handle of preserving members of POK pushed crowd in the fray with the leaders.  Additional safety forces had to be called with the assistance contain the situation while violence climbed.  When the teargas finally got clear, the member of six POK were stopped on expenses of attack on civil authorities and to incite a crowd with violence.  Three leaders of police force were treated with the hospital general of Abila for wounds received in the combat.



"We had been concerned that the weak control of Silvia Marek makes it possible to the POK to be succeeded by criminals and hooligans.  The events of today show that our concern was valid," the aforementioned Carman d' Adrien of spokesman of police force.  Marek replaced Elian Karel as popular figurehead of the movement of POK the last summer.

The Guide

Protest of POK in the headquarters of the police of Abila



2010/06/22


ABILA, Kronos - the protectors of the demonstration of Kronos were carried out in front of headquarters of the police of Abila yesterday in the morning.  The POK had collected inside memorialize to their previous leader, Elian Karel, that died of natural causes in jail the last year.  POK those in favor took samples with the pictures of Karel and of Julian Vann, they sang mottos, and they ignited candles. 



The pacific demonstration gave violent return when two members of POK approached man whom it tried to enter the building in business.  The members of struck it to POK with a bottle, struck that it to the Earth and it gave a bloody incision him in his front.  The police of Abila tried to gain the control of the situation being used bullhorns to call for the pacific dispersion of the crowd, but the crowd responded to its calls sending insults along with some rocks in the officials.  The police used the tear gas to finish the meeting, but a handful of members die-hard of POK impelled to crowd in melee with the officials.  The additional security force had to be summoned to the aid contains the situation whereas the violence extended.  When the tear gas finally cleared, they arrested to the member of six POK in loads of assault in civilian authorities and the incitación of a crowd to the violence.  They treated to three officials of police in the general hospital of Abila for the received wounds in the fight.



"We had been referred that the weak direction of Silvia Marek is allowing that the POK was assumed the control by the criminals and the gamberros.  The today events demonstrate that our preoccupations were valid," to said Carman of Adrien of the spokesman of the police.  Marek replaced Elian Karel like figurehead popular of the POK movement the last summer.

International News

POK Protest at Abila Police Headquarters 

 

2010/06/21
 

ABILA, Kronos - A Protectors of Kronos demonstration was held in front of Abila police headquarters yesterday morning.  The POK had gathered in memorialize their former leader, Elian Karel, who died of natural causes in jail last year.  POK supporters carried signs with pictures of Karel and Juliana Vann, chanted slogans, and lit candles.  

 

The peaceful demonstration turned violent when two POK members accosted a man who attempted to enter the building on business.  The POK members hit him with a bottle, which knocked him to the ground and gave him a bloody gash on his forehead.  Abila police attempted to gain control of the situation by using bullhorns to call for the peaceful dispersal of the crowd, but the crowd responded to their calls by hurling insults along with a few rocks at the officers.  Police used tear gas to end the gathering, but a handful of die-hard POK members urged the crowd into melee with the officers.  When the tear gas finally cleared, six POK member were arrested on charges of assault on civil authorities and inciting a crowd to violence.  Marek replaced Elian Karel as the popular figurehead of the POK movement last summer.

