

Everyday News

4 of March of 2010



2014/03/26
It is the first incident of his class in the history of the famous race of boat of the world, in which the yachts around the Mediterranean coast compete for the gold cup coveted.

The presidential boat, had by the family of present president Karel Kapelou II of Kronos, began to take in the water and disappeared slowly in the sea.

Cold



Most of the equipment entered the boats of the rescue, whereas other that decided to swim to the border described it like "cold".

Shortly after the presidential container perceivably was caused sorrow, a boat of small motor hurried forwards and backwards between the boat and to shake of the crowds of the coast the "protectors of Kronos" they indicate to offer by means of a flag its white emblem of the hand.  It is not known if the group were implied with the incident of the boat, although extensively recognize the group like getting to be more and more violent in its protests against the government.

The equipment rejected to blame the captain of the boat, 41 years Petra Hohimae, that are well to the current of waters of the line of the coast of Kronos.

One hopes that the race is cancelled although there has been no official word. The investigations to the presidential office have not been answered.  

They disclose the equipment to have only suffered injuries of smaller importance during his abandonment and to have avoided the contact of the press. One hopes that the ball of the finery of the cup of Kapalou is cancelled tonight, although many international dignitaries and celebrities remain in the country.  

The Continent

Race of the boat stopped before starting 



2010/03/05


The head of 10th Kapalou has been postponed less than hour before it had after the presidential gekapseiste ship start and decreased.

It is the first incident of its type in the history of the wereldberoemde boat race, in which hurries of around the Mediterranean coast for coveted gouden head competes with.

The presidential boat, which is had by the family of current Kronos President Karel Kapelou II, started taking over water and disappeared slowly in overseas.

Cold

By public of hundreds of witnesses who are collected on point Abila, the crew was forced in rescue craft industry jump and to their ship to pay attention decreases to almost was immersed.

The largest part of the crew entered the rescue boats, whereas others which decided it to coast to swim as cold described.

Shortly after the presidential ship it had been noticeably agitated, alternatively sent a small high-speed motorboat between the boat and the bank mob golvend guards of flag Kronos which their blank characterizes hand emblem.  It has not been blamed or the group was not involved with the boat incident, although the group is becoming recognized broadly such as more and more violent in their protests against the government.

The crew refused the captain of the boat, 41 one people whose birthday it is accuse Petra Hohimae, who well familiar with the wateren of the coast line Kronos are.

It becomes the race expects will be cancelled although no official word has been. The researches to the presidential office have not been answered.  

The crew is communicated only to less important wounds during their leaves suffered and press contact to have avoided. One expects that the ball of Gala of the head Kapalou will vanavond be cancelled, although a lot of international dignitaries and beroemdheden remain in the country.  




News Desk

ANNIVERSARY OF PROTESTS



2010/06/15


ABILA, Kronos - previous year vomit the spontaneous protests and babble around Abila in reply to the death of Elian Karel from, guards of the activist Kronos (of POK). The civil servants fear a recurrence of the violent activities of previous year around the city on the pleasing anniversary of the death of Karel on 19 June. 



Civil servants of the government gave that to a short declaration from people insuring of Abila their security of the largest importance are. Concern your matter usual. The groups such as the guards of Kronos continue working apprehension, which tries living and government change apprehension. Your government to vrees-mongering.



The short government declaration concluded there with a promise to scratch if to protesters, there are indeed protests. Hagar Awelon, a shop owner in district Siopa van Abila that by the events of previous year is influenced heavily, answered to the government declaration: They [government of Kronos] must do more than they previous year. My windows were break, stolen my goods destroyed or, and my zoon was attacked then he the rise defended. They must do more.











Daily Pegasus

IN REMEMBRANCE:  THE DEATH OF ELIAN KAREL, A YEAR LATER



2010/06/21


ABILA, Kronos - a young man in search of a more shining future for his died countrymen does today of the year in a cold, prison of the cement.  The protectors he only took care of apathetic it that they had been loaded with stopping it until finalizes an investigation for the tax fraud.  In place, sometimes on the early hours in the morning of the 19 of June, Elian Karel died with inexplicable injuries with the official cause of the death.

The report sent by the death of Abila of the city of the attributed Karel of the Coroner in July of 2010 to the sudden failure cardiac, and the investigation was closed soon after that.  

The police has denied to any happened unusual thing in the death of Karel and the civil employees of the city demand the accusations of the murder and the illicit death is affirmed by POK shakes-rousers to try to urge instability and violence.

In the year since the death of Karel the protectors of Kronos has continued the mission to demand that the instrument of the government of Kronos a policy of the transparency in business of the government, and to carry out responsible to the foreign companies that have contaminated the natural resources of Kronosian.

Those in favor continue forming in the places public, solved who their shouts for justice are heard.  Now intermingled with he sings of "remember Julian" one can also hear shouts "remember Elian"





News Online Today

IN REMEMBRANCE:  THE DEATH OF ELIAN KAREL, A YEAR LATER 

 

2010/06/19
 

ABILA, Kronos -One year ago today a young man in search of a brighter future for his countrymen died in a cold, cement prison.  Instead, sometime in the early morning hours of 19 June, Elian Karel died with injuries inexplicable with the official cause of death.  Unnamed sources close to the investigation, however, have provided witness testimony that Karel's body showed signs of blunt force trauma, abrasions and lacerations which occurred within hours before his death.

The Explainer

ANNIVERSARY OF PROTESTS



2010/06/14


ABILA, Kronos - the spontaneous protests and uproars the last year exploded around Abila in answer to the death of Elian Karel, the protectors of the activist of Kronos (POK). The civil employees fear a repetition of the violent activities of the year last around the city in the next anniversary of the death of Karel the 19 of June. 



The officials of the government published a brief declaration who assured people Abila that its "security is fundamental. To go as usual on its business. The groups as the protectors of Kronos work by fear, trying to change to lives and the government with fear. His government will not move down fear-mongering backwards."



The brief declaration of the government finished there with a promise of not moving down backwards to the demonstrators, if there are in fact protests. Hagar Awelon, to make buy-owner in districto of Siopa de Abila affected heavy by the events of the last year, responded to the declaration of the government: "[Government of Kronos] must do more than they made the year last. My windows were broken, my destroyed merchandize or were robbed, and attacked my son when he defended the warehouse. They must do more."









Central Bulletin

ANNIVERSARY OF PROTESTS 

 

2010/06/14
 

ABILA, Kronos - Last year spontaneous protests and riots broke out around Abila in response to the death of Elian Karel, a Protectors of Kronos (POK) activist. Officials fear a repeat of last year's violent activities around the city on the upcoming anniversary of Karel's death on June 19.  

 

Government officials issued a brief statement assuring the people of Abila that their "safety is of the utmost importance. Groups like the Protectors of Kronos operate by fear, attempting to change lives and government through fear. 

 

The brief government statement ended there with a promise not to back down to protesters, if there are indeed protests. Hagar Awelon, a shop-owner in Siopa district of Abila heavily impacted by last year's events, responded to the government statement: "They [Government of Kronos] must do more than they did last year.

News Online Today

ANNIVERSARY OF PROTESTS 

 

2010/06/14
 

ABILA, Kronos - Last year spontaneous protests and riots broke out around Abila in response to the death of Elian Karel, a Protectors of Kronos (POK) activist. Hagar Awelon, a shop-owner in Siopa district of Abila heavily impacted by last year's events, responded to the government statement: "They [Government of Kronos] must do more than they did last year.

Kronos Star
POK Protest at Abila Police Headquarters
Marcella Trapani
20 June 2010

ABILA, Kronos - A Protectors of Kronos demonstration was held in front of Abila police headquarters yesterday morning.  The POK had gathered in memorialize their former leader, Elian Karel, who died of natural causes in jail last year.  POK supporters carried signs with pictures of Karel and Juliana Vann, chanted slogans, and lit candles. 

The peaceful demonstration turned violent when two POK members accosted a man who attempted to enter the building on business.  The POK members hit him with a bottle, which knocked him to the ground and gave him a bloody gash on his forehead.  Abila police attempted to gain control of the situation by using bullhorns to call for the peaceful dispersal of the crowd, but the crowd responded to their calls by hurling insults along with a few rocks at the officers.  Police used tear gas to end the gathering, but a handful of die-hard POK members urged the crowd into melee with the officers.  Additional security forces had to be summoned to help contain the situation as the violence escalated.  When the tear gas finally cleared, six POK member were arrested on charges of assault on civil authorities and inciting a crowd to violence.  Three police officers were treated at Abila General Hospital for wounds received in the fight.

"We had been concerned that Silvia Marek's weak leadership is allowing the POK to be taken over by criminals and hooligans.  Today's events show that our concerns were valid," said police spokesman Adrien Carman.  Marek replaced Elian Karel as the popular figurehead of the POK movement last summer.
The Orb

IN THE MEMORY:  The DEATH Of ELIAN KAREL, ONE YEAR AFTERWARDS



2010/06/21


ABILA, Kronos - one today there is year a young man in the search of a more luminous future for its compatriots died in a cold, prison of cement.  It was been useful only by the apathetic guards which had been charged to hold it while waiting for a research for the fraud of taxes.  Instead of that, formerly in the hours early of morning of June 19, Elian Karel died with unexplainable damage with the official cause of death.

The report/ratio released by the death of Karel allotted of coroner of town of Abila in July 2010 to the sudden stop, and seeks it was enclosed soon then.  The anonymous sources close to research, however, provided the testimony of witness that the body of Karel showed with signs of trauma blunted, abrasions and lacerations of force what occurred in hours before its death.

The police force refused with something not very common product in the death of Karel and the civils servant of city claim the charges of the murder and unjustified death are affirmed by POK brew-rousers to try to encourage instability and violence.

By year since the death of Karel the guards of Kronos continue the mission to require that the instrument of government of Kronos a policy of transparency in businesses of government, and to hold responsible the alien companies which soiled the natural resources of Kronosian.

The defenders continue to pile up in the public places, given that their cries for justice are heard.  Now intermingled with sings "remember Juliana!" one can also intend cries "to remember Elian!"





The Truth

Protest POK at the Hoofdkwartier of the police force Abila



2010/06/22


ABILA, Kronos - the guards were loved demonstration Kronos for Abila the morning the politiehoofdkwartier yesterday.  POK within memorialize their former LEADER, Elian Karel had collected himself, who died previous year to natural causes in prison.  Chanted the verdedigers behave signs POK with pictures of Karel and Juliana Vann, slogans, and strike candles to. 



Peaceful demonstration twisted violently then two members POK people accosted who tried the bldg. matter discuss.  The members POK touched him with a bottle, which him was correct to the ground and him cuts bloodily on its face gave.  Police force of Abila tried control of the situation to use reach bullhorns the peaceful distribution of the mob to keep on asking, but the mob answered to their question by swinging rocks insults with a couple at the civil servants.  The police force used himself traangas to conclude collecting, but hand-full tough members POK exhorted the mob in melee with the civil servants.  Extra security strengths had be convened to help the situation to contain since violence lane.  When the traangas definitively clearred, paragraph six POK was arrested on charges of attack on civil authorities and calling a mob to violence.  Three police force civil servants were treated at the general hospital Abila for wounds which is received in the fight.



We had been concerned that the weak control of Silvia Marek's allows POK for concerning by criminals and hooligans are taken.  The events of today tones to that our care, aforesaid police force spokesman Adrien Carman valid were.  Marek replaced Elian Karel as popular figurehead of the movement POK the previous summer.

Worldwise

Protest of POK to the registered offices of police force of Abila



2010/06/22


ABILA, Kronos - guards of the demonstration of Kronos were held in front of registered offices of police force of Abila yesterday morning.  The POK had collected inside memorialize their former chief, Elian Karel, which died last year of the normal causes in prison.  The defenders of POK carried signs with images of Karel and of Juliana Vann, slogans sang, and lit candles. 



The peaceful demonstration turned violent one when two members of POK approached a man who tried to enter the building on businesses.  The members of POK struck it with a bottle, which struck it with the ground and gave him a bloody notch on its face.  The police force of Abila tried to gain the ordering of the situation by using foghorns to claim the peaceful dispersion of crowd, but crowd answered their calls while launching insults with some rocks with the leaders.  The police force was accustomed to the teargas to finish the gathering, but a handle of preserving members of POK pushed crowd in the fray with the leaders.  Additional safety forces had to be called with the assistance contain the situation while violence climbed.  When the teargas finally got clear, the member of six POK were stopped on expenses of attack on civil authorities and to incite a crowd with violence.  Three leaders of police force were treated with the hospital general of Abila for wounds received in the combat.



"We had been concerned that the weak control of Silvia Marek makes it possible to the POK to be succeeded by criminals and hooligans.  The events of today show that our concern was valid," the aforementioned Carman d' Adrien of spokesman of police force.  Marek replaced Elian Karel as popular figurehead of the movement of POK the last summer.

The Guide

Protest of POK in the headquarters of the police of Abila



2010/06/22


ABILA, Kronos - the protectors of the demonstration of Kronos were carried out in front of headquarters of the police of Abila yesterday in the morning.  The POK had collected inside memorialize to their previous leader, Elian Karel, that died of natural causes in jail the last year.  POK those in favor took samples with the pictures of Karel and of Julian Vann, they sang mottos, and they ignited candles. 



The pacific demonstration gave violent return when two members of POK approached man whom it tried to enter the building in business.  The members of struck it to POK with a bottle, struck that it to the Earth and it gave a bloody incision him in his front.  The police of Abila tried to gain the control of the situation being used bullhorns to call for the pacific dispersion of the crowd, but the crowd responded to its calls sending insults along with some rocks in the officials.  The police used the tear gas to finish the meeting, but a handful of members die-hard of POK impelled to crowd in melee with the officials.  The additional security force had to be summoned to the aid contains the situation whereas the violence extended.  When the tear gas finally cleared, they arrested to the member of six POK in loads of assault in civilian authorities and the incitación of a crowd to the violence.  They treated to three officials of police in the general hospital of Abila for the received wounds in the fight.



"We had been referred that the weak direction of Silvia Marek is allowing that the POK was assumed the control by the criminals and the gamberros.  The today events demonstrate that our preoccupations were valid," to said Carman of Adrien of the spokesman of the police.  Marek replaced Elian Karel like figurehead popular of the POK movement the last summer.

International News

POK Protest at Abila Police Headquarters 

 

2010/06/21
 

ABILA, Kronos - A Protectors of Kronos demonstration was held in front of Abila police headquarters yesterday morning.  The POK had gathered in memorialize their former leader, Elian Karel, who died of natural causes in jail last year.  POK supporters carried signs with pictures of Karel and Juliana Vann, chanted slogans, and lit candles.  

 

The peaceful demonstration turned violent when two POK members accosted a man who attempted to enter the building on business.  The POK members hit him with a bottle, which knocked him to the ground and gave him a bloody gash on his forehead.  Abila police attempted to gain control of the situation by using bullhorns to call for the peaceful dispersal of the crowd, but the crowd responded to their calls by hurling insults along with a few rocks at the officers.  Police used tear gas to end the gathering, but a handful of die-hard POK members urged the crowd into melee with the officers.  When the tear gas finally cleared, six POK member were arrested on charges of assault on civil authorities and inciting a crowd to violence.  Marek replaced Elian Karel as the popular figurehead of the POK movement last summer.

Homeland Illumination
IN REMEMBRANCE:  THE DEATH OF ELIAN KAREL, A YEAR LATER
Petrus Gerhard
19 June 2010

ABILA, Kronos -One year ago today a young man in search of a brighter future for his countrymen died in a cold, cement prison.  He was attended only by apathetic guards who had been charged with detaining him pending an investigation for tax fraud.  Instead, sometime in the early morning hours of 19 June, Elian Karel died with injuries inexplicable with the official cause of death.
The report released by the Abila City Coroner in July 2010 attributed Karel's death to sudden cardiac arrest, and the investigation was closed shortly thereafter.  Unnamed sources close to the investigation, however, have provided witness testimony that Karel's body showed signs of blunt force trauma, abrasions and lacerations which occurred within hours before his death.
Police have denied anything unusual happened in Karel's death and city officials claim the accusations of murder and wrongful death are asserted by POK rabble-rousers attempting to incite instability and violence.
In the year since Karel's death the Protectors of Kronos have continued the mission to demand that the Kronos government implement a policy of transparency in government business, and to hold accountable the foreign companies that have contaminated Kronosian natural resources.
Supporters continue to mass in public places, determined that their cries for justice be heard.  Now intermixed with chants of "Remember Juliana!" one can also hear cries "Remember Elian!"


The Abila Post
ANNIVERSARY OF PROTESTS

13June 2010

ABILA, Kronos - Last year spontaneous protests and riots broke out around Abila in response to the death of Elian Karel, a Protectors of Kronos (POK) activist. Officials fear a repeat of last year's violent activities around the city on the upcoming anniversary of Karel's death on June 19. 

Government officials issued a brief statement assuring the people of Abila that their "safety is of the utmost importance. Go about your business as usual. Groups like the Protectors of Kronos operate by fear, attempting to change lives and government through fear. Your government will not back down to fear-mongering."

The brief government statement ended there with a promise not to back down to protesters, if there are indeed protests. Hagar Awelon, a shop-owner in Siopa district of Abila heavily impacted by last year's events, responded to the government statement: "They [Government of Kronos] must do more than they did last year. My windows were smashed, my goods destroyed or stolen, and my son was attacked when he defended the store. They must do more."




