World Journal

The race of boat stopped before starting 



2010/03/05


10th Kapalou cup was given to later less than one hour before it was due to the beginning after the capsized presidential ship and is descended.

It is the first incident of its kind in the history of the famous race of boat of the world, in which the yachts of around the Mediterranean coast compete with for the gold cup coveted.

The presidential boat, had by the family of the President running Karel Kapelou II of Kronos, started to take water and slowly disappeared in the sea.

Cold

Before an assistance of the hundreds of spectators met in the point of Abila, to be used it as team-member was forced to jump in the life raft and to observe their ship go down until it was almost submerged.

The major part of being used as team-member entered the boats of delivery, whereas others which decided to swim with the shore described it as "a cold".

Little time after the presidential ship was appreciably afflicted, a small boat of engine dispatched in the two directions between the boat and to undulate crowd of shore the "guards of Kronos" mark to comprise their white emblem of hand.  It is not known if the group were implied incident of boat, although the group is largely recognized like becoming increasingly violent in their protests against the government.

To be used as team-member refused to blame the captain of the boat, 41 years Petra Hohimae, which knows well about water in addition to littoral of Kronos.

One expects that the race is countermanded although there was no official word. Investigations at the presidential office were not answered.  

It is reported that to be used it as team-member suffers only from the minor damage during their abandonment and avoids the contact of pressure. One expects that the ball of official reception of cup of Kapalou is countermanded this evening, although many honourable and celebrities international remain in the country.  

Everyday News

4 of March of 2010



2014/03/26
It is the first incident of his class in the history of the famous race of boat of the world, in which the yachts around the Mediterranean coast compete for the gold cup coveted.

The presidential boat, had by the family of present president Karel Kapelou II of Kronos, began to take in the water and disappeared slowly in the sea.

Cold



Most of the equipment entered the boats of the rescue, whereas other that decided to swim to the border described it like "cold".

Shortly after the presidential container perceivably was caused sorrow, a boat of small motor hurried forwards and backwards between the boat and to shake of the crowds of the coast the "protectors of Kronos" they indicate to offer by means of a flag its white emblem of the hand.  It is not known if the group were implied with the incident of the boat, although extensively recognize the group like getting to be more and more violent in its protests against the government.

The equipment rejected to blame the captain of the boat, 41 years Petra Hohimae, that are well to the current of waters of the line of the coast of Kronos.

One hopes that the race is cancelled although there has been no official word. The investigations to the presidential office have not been answered.  

They disclose the equipment to have only suffered injuries of smaller importance during his abandonment and to have avoided the contact of the press. One hopes that the ball of the finery of the cup of Kapalou is cancelled tonight, although many international dignitaries and celebrities remain in the country.  

The Abila Post
PRESIDENT KAPELOU II ELECTED BY RECORD MARGIN

2 October 2010

ABILA, Kronos - President Dorel Kapelou II has won re-election with the largest margin ever in a Kronesian election. The people of Kronos have stood together and announced a bright new day with a resounding vote of confidence for the President.

President Kapelou II of the Democratic Party of Kronos captured 98.7% of the vote with Ren Touvi of the Organization of Business and Unions Party a distant second with a mere 1.0% of the vote. 

With all the votes counted the President's Democratic Party of Kronos now holds 85 seats in the General Assembly, 13 for the Organization of Business and Unions Party, and 2 for the Party of Kronos Industrialists. 

From every corner of Kronos could be heard a chorus of Kronos, Be Ever True to Thee.
The Continent

Race of the boat stopped before starting 



2010/03/05


The head of 10th Kapalou has been postponed less than hour before it had after the presidential gekapseiste ship start and decreased.

It is the first incident of its type in the history of the wereldberoemde boat race, in which hurries of around the Mediterranean coast for coveted gouden head competes with.

The presidential boat, which is had by the family of current Kronos President Karel Kapelou II, started taking over water and disappeared slowly in overseas.

Cold

By public of hundreds of witnesses who are collected on point Abila, the crew was forced in rescue craft industry jump and to their ship to pay attention decreases to almost was immersed.

The largest part of the crew entered the rescue boats, whereas others which decided it to coast to swim as cold described.

Shortly after the presidential ship it had been noticeably agitated, alternatively sent a small high-speed motorboat between the boat and the bank mob golvend guards of flag Kronos which their blank characterizes hand emblem.  It has not been blamed or the group was not involved with the boat incident, although the group is becoming recognized broadly such as more and more violent in their protests against the government.

The crew refused the captain of the boat, 41 one people whose birthday it is accuse Petra Hohimae, who well familiar with the wateren of the coast line Kronos are.

It becomes the race expects will be cancelled although no official word has been. The researches to the presidential office have not been answered.  

The crew is communicated only to less important wounds during their leaves suffered and press contact to have avoided. One expects that the ball of Gala of the head Kapalou will vanavond be cancelled, although a lot of international dignitaries and beroemdheden remain in the country.  

Central Bulletin

PRESIDENT KAPELOU II ELECTED BY RECORD MARGIN 

 

2010/10/03
 

ABILA, Kronos - President Dorel Kapelou II has won re-election with the largest margin ever in a Kronesian election. 

 

President Kapelou II of the Democratic Party of Kronos captured 98.7% of the vote with Ren Touvi of the Organization of Business and Unions Party a distant second with a mere 1.0% of the vote.  

 

With all the votes counted the President's Democratic Party of Kronos now holds 85 seats in the General Assembly, 13 for the Organization of Business and Unions Party, and 2 for the Party of Kronos Industrialists.

The Explainer

PRESIDENT KAPELOU II CHOSE BY THE REGISTRY MARGIN



2010/10/04


ABILA, Kronos - president Dorel Kapelou II has gained the re-election with the greatest margin always of an election of Kronesian. The people of Kronos been have stopped together and have announced a new day shining with a vote resounding of the confidence for the president.



President Kapelou II of the democratic party of Kronos captured 98,7% of the vote with Ren Touvi of the organization of the business and the party of the unions a second distant one with a 1,0% mere one of the vote. 



With all the votes counted the democratic party of the president of Kronos now maintains 85 seats in the General Assembly, 13 for the organization of the business and the party of the unions, and 2 for the party of the industrialists of Kronos. 



Of each corner of Kronos a refrain of Kronos could be heard, is always truth to Thee.

News Online Today

PRESIDENT KAPELOU II ELECTED BY RECORD MARGIN 

 

2010/10/03
 

ABILA, Kronos - President Dorel Kapelou II has won re-election with the largest margin ever in a Kronesian election.  

 

With all the votes counted the President's Democratic Party of Kronos now holds 85 seats in the General Assembly, 13 for the Organization of Business and Unions Party, and 2 for the Party of Kronos Industrialists.

Kronos Star
POK Protest at Abila Police Headquarters
Marcella Trapani
20 June 2010

ABILA, Kronos - A Protectors of Kronos demonstration was held in front of Abila police headquarters yesterday morning.  The POK had gathered in memorialize their former leader, Elian Karel, who died of natural causes in jail last year.  POK supporters carried signs with pictures of Karel and Juliana Vann, chanted slogans, and lit candles. 

The peaceful demonstration turned violent when two POK members accosted a man who attempted to enter the building on business.  The POK members hit him with a bottle, which knocked him to the ground and gave him a bloody gash on his forehead.  Abila police attempted to gain control of the situation by using bullhorns to call for the peaceful dispersal of the crowd, but the crowd responded to their calls by hurling insults along with a few rocks at the officers.  Police used tear gas to end the gathering, but a handful of die-hard POK members urged the crowd into melee with the officers.  Additional security forces had to be summoned to help contain the situation as the violence escalated.  When the tear gas finally cleared, six POK member were arrested on charges of assault on civil authorities and inciting a crowd to violence.  Three police officers were treated at Abila General Hospital for wounds received in the fight.

"We had been concerned that Silvia Marek's weak leadership is allowing the POK to be taken over by criminals and hooligans.  Today's events show that our concerns were valid," said police spokesman Adrien Carman.  Marek replaced Elian Karel as the popular figurehead of the POK movement last summer.
News Desk

PRESIDENT KAPELOU II THAT BY THE FORK OF THE REPORT ARE PREFERRED



2010/10/03


ABILA, Kronos - president Dorel Kapelou II re-election with the largest fork has ever won Kronesian in an election. People of Kronos have united themselves a clear new day with resounding voice of faith for the President and have announced.



President Kapelou II of the democratic party of Kronos caught 98.7% of the poll with Ren Touvi of the organization of matter and the party of the Union distant Second with pure 1.0% of the poll. 



With all counted votes the democratic party loves 85 seats at the general meeting, now 13 for the organization matter and the party the Union, and 2 the President Kronos for the party industrialists Kronos. 



Of each angle of Kronos chorus could be heard van Kronos, to tea ever where to be.

Athena Speaks

PRESIDENT KAPELOU II A ELECTED BY THE MARGIN RECORD



2010/10/04


ABILA, Kronos - President Dorel Kapelou II gained the re-election with the greatest margin never in an election of Kronesian. The people of Kronos were held together and announced a new luminous day with a resounding voice of confidence for the president.



The President Kapelou II of the democratic party of Kronos captured 98.7% of the voice with Ren Touvi of the organization of the businesses and the part of the trade unions a second distant with only one 1.0% from the voice. 



All voices being counted the democratic party of President de Kronos now hold 85 seats in the General meeting, 13 for the organization of the businesses and the part of the trade unions, and 2 for the part of the industrialists of Kronos. 



Of each corner of Kronos could be heard a chorus of Kronos, that is to say never true in Thee.

