Central Bulletin

PRESIDENT KAPELOU II ELECTED BY RECORD MARGIN 

 

2010/10/03
 

ABILA, Kronos - President Dorel Kapelou II has won re-election with the largest margin ever in a Kronesian election. 

 

President Kapelou II of the Democratic Party of Kronos captured 98.7% of the vote with Ren Touvi of the Organization of Business and Unions Party a distant second with a mere 1.0% of the vote.  

 

With all the votes counted the President's Democratic Party of Kronos now holds 85 seats in the General Assembly, 13 for the Organization of Business and Unions Party, and 2 for the Party of Kronos Industrialists.

The Explainer

PRESIDENT KAPELOU II CHOSE BY THE REGISTRY MARGIN



2010/10/04


ABILA, Kronos - president Dorel Kapelou II has gained the re-election with the greatest margin always of an election of Kronesian. The people of Kronos been have stopped together and have announced a new day shining with a vote resounding of the confidence for the president.



President Kapelou II of the democratic party of Kronos captured 98,7% of the vote with Ren Touvi of the organization of the business and the party of the unions a second distant one with a 1,0% mere one of the vote. 



With all the votes counted the democratic party of the president of Kronos now maintains 85 seats in the General Assembly, 13 for the organization of the business and the party of the unions, and 2 for the party of the industrialists of Kronos. 



Of each corner of Kronos a refrain of Kronos could be heard, is always truth to Thee.

News Online Today

PRESIDENT KAPELOU II ELECTED BY RECORD MARGIN 

 

2010/10/03
 

ABILA, Kronos - President Dorel Kapelou II has won re-election with the largest margin ever in a Kronesian election.  

 

With all the votes counted the President's Democratic Party of Kronos now holds 85 seats in the General Assembly, 13 for the Organization of Business and Unions Party, and 2 for the Party of Kronos Industrialists.

Kronos Star
POK Protest at Abila Police Headquarters
Marcella Trapani
20 June 2010

ABILA, Kronos - A Protectors of Kronos demonstration was held in front of Abila police headquarters yesterday morning.  The POK had gathered in memorialize their former leader, Elian Karel, who died of natural causes in jail last year.  POK supporters carried signs with pictures of Karel and Juliana Vann, chanted slogans, and lit candles. 

The peaceful demonstration turned violent when two POK members accosted a man who attempted to enter the building on business.  The POK members hit him with a bottle, which knocked him to the ground and gave him a bloody gash on his forehead.  Abila police attempted to gain control of the situation by using bullhorns to call for the peaceful dispersal of the crowd, but the crowd responded to their calls by hurling insults along with a few rocks at the officers.  Police used tear gas to end the gathering, but a handful of die-hard POK members urged the crowd into melee with the officers.  Additional security forces had to be summoned to help contain the situation as the violence escalated.  When the tear gas finally cleared, six POK member were arrested on charges of assault on civil authorities and inciting a crowd to violence.  Three police officers were treated at Abila General Hospital for wounds received in the fight.

"We had been concerned that Silvia Marek's weak leadership is allowing the POK to be taken over by criminals and hooligans.  Today's events show that our concerns were valid," said police spokesman Adrien Carman.  Marek replaced Elian Karel as the popular figurehead of the POK movement last summer.
News Desk

PRESIDENT KAPELOU II THAT BY THE FORK OF THE REPORT ARE PREFERRED



2010/10/03


ABILA, Kronos - president Dorel Kapelou II re-election with the largest fork has ever won Kronesian in an election. People of Kronos have united themselves a clear new day with resounding voice of faith for the President and have announced.



President Kapelou II of the democratic party of Kronos caught 98.7% of the poll with Ren Touvi of the organization of matter and the party of the Union distant Second with pure 1.0% of the poll. 



With all counted votes the democratic party loves 85 seats at the general meeting, now 13 for the organization matter and the party the Union, and 2 the President Kronos for the party industrialists Kronos. 



Of each angle of Kronos chorus could be heard van Kronos, to tea ever where to be.

Athena Speaks

PRESIDENT KAPELOU II A ELECTED BY THE MARGIN RECORD



2010/10/04


ABILA, Kronos - President Dorel Kapelou II gained the re-election with the greatest margin never in an election of Kronesian. The people of Kronos were held together and announced a new luminous day with a resounding voice of confidence for the president.



The President Kapelou II of the democratic party of Kronos captured 98.7% of the voice with Ren Touvi of the organization of the businesses and the part of the trade unions a second distant with only one 1.0% from the voice. 



All voices being counted the democratic party of President de Kronos now hold 85 seats in the General meeting, 13 for the organization of the businesses and the part of the trade unions, and 2 for the part of the industrialists of Kronos. 



Of each corner of Kronos could be heard a chorus of Kronos, that is to say never true in Thee.
