The General Post

PREOCCUPATIONS OF THE INVESTMENT OF BUSINESS IN KRONOS



2010/12/18


DAVOS, Switzerland - a survey of the straw of assistants in the economic forum in Davos, Switzerland of the world indicates that the international leaders of business are not interested in making business with the government of Kronos that mentions increasing drug traffic, money that wash plate, and massive corruption. 



The founder of Petr Noriega and the president of the executive of the block of the granite that the possessions said of Kronos, "so that an investor to put the money in a place has taste of Kronos, one must make certain securings give the present state of the regime. In this time those securings are not being solved until the standard of important international investors." 



When they asked Mr. Noriega about international GAStech and the guessed right relation that the company has cultivated with the government of Kronos he concluded, "déjenos right opinion GAStech and Mr. Sanjorge Jr obtained inside in a good short while."

The Tulip

THE CARE OF TRADE INVESTMENTS IN KRONOS



2010/12/19


DAVOS, Switzerland - a straw opinion poll of attendees at the economic forum of the world in Davos, Switzerland indicates that the international managers not interested in doing matter with the government which quotes raised drug trafficking, laundering money, and massive corruption of Kronos its. 



The founder of Noriega van Petr and the executive President of the Holdings of the block-system of the granite aforesaid of Kronos, so that an investor put money in a place such as Kronos, certain insurance must has given the current state of the regime. On this moment that insurance is not met to the standard of important international investors. 



Then M. Noriega concerning international GAStech and the successful proportion was asked the company with the government of Kronos has cultivated which he has was decided, says GAStech and M. Sanjorge Jr. that in a good time are only brought in.

The Light of Truth

PREOCCUPATIONS With a PRODUCTIVE INVESTMENT IN KRONOS



2010/12/18


DAVOS, Switzerland - a poll of straw of the participants in the economic forum of the world in Davos, Switzerland indicates that the international leaders of the businesses are not interested to make deals with the government of Kronos quoting the increased traffic of drug, bleaching money, and massive corruption. 



The founder of Petr Noriega and the President of director of the block of granite whom the possessions indicated of Kronos, "so an investor to put the money in a place like Kronos, one must make give certain insurances the current state of the mode. Currently these insurances are not met up to the level of the principal international investors." 



When Mr. Noriega was well informed on international GAStech and the successful report/ratio that the company cultivated with the government of Kronos it concluded, "let us say just that GAStech and Mr. Sanjorge Jr. a good time reached inside."

