News Online Today

DRUG RELATED ARRESTS ON THE RISE 

  

2011/05/15
 

ABILA, Kronos - An alarming new trend is sweeping Abila.  

 

The concerns over the increase of drug related arrests are two-fold: first, violent activist groups such as the Protectors of Kronos could be using drug sales as a means to fund their activities;

Athena Speaks

ARRESTS CONNECTED BY DRUG ON RISE

 

2011/05/15


ABILA, Kronos - a new alarming tendency sweeps Abila. The police force specifies a dramatic increase in the arrests connected by drug which can be related to the violent one groups of activist. 



The port of Abila is known to be a point of transshipment for drugs coming the active Middle East and of Africa to heroin and the hachish from Europe in particular. However, drug connected arrests had remained punt during the decade spent until the recent increase. 



The concern above the increase in the arrests connected by drug is double: first, the violent one groups of activist such as the guards of Kronos could employ sales of drug as means of placing their activities; and in the second place, with more drugs appearing on the shore, the people of Kronos will suffer the questions connected by drug increased, namely leaning and violence.

News Desk

DRUG RELATED ARRESTS ON THE INCREASE

 

2011/05/15


ABILA, Kronos - an alarming new tendency sweeps Abila. The police force indicates related arrests which can be linked with violent activist groups on a dramatic increase of drug. 



The port of Abila is have known for overschepingspunt for drugs which come from the Middle East and Africa that to the heroin and the hashish of Europe goes, as it happens. However, the drug related arrests had remained flat during the previous decade to the recent increase. 



The care concerning the increase of drug related arrests is double: firstly, the violent activist groups such as the guards of Kronos drug sale as a means are able use to finance their activities; and second, with more drugs which appear on the coast, people of Kronos will suffer from raised drug related questions, namely addiction and violence.

The Abila Post
DRUG RELATED ARRESTS ON THE RISE
 
14 May 2011

ABILA, Kronos - An alarming new trend is sweeping Abila. Police point out a dramatic increase in drug related arrests that may be linked to violent activist groups. 

The port of Abila is known to be a transshipment point for drugs coming from the Middle East and Africa going to Europe namely heroin and hashish. However, drug related arrests had remained flat over the past decade until the recent increase. 

The concerns over the increase of drug related arrests are two-fold: first, violent activist groups such as the Protectors of Kronos could be using drug sales as a means to fund their activities; and second, with more drugs appearing on the shore, the people of Kronos will suffer increased drug related issues, namely addiction and violence.
The Explainer

RELATED HALTINGS DRUG IN THE ASCENT

 

2011/05/16


ABILA, Kronos - a new alarming tendency is sweeping Abila. The police needs a dramatic increase in the related haltings drug that can be bound to the violent groups of the activist. 



The port of Abila is known to be a point of the transfer for the drugs that come from the Middle East and of Africa that go to the heroin and the hashish of Europe that is to say. Nevertheless, the drug related haltings had continued being flat on the last decade until the recent increase. 



The preoccupations by the increase of related haltings drug are double: first, the violent groups of the activist such as the protectors of Kronos could use sales of the drug like means to finance their activities; and secondly, with more drugs appearing in the border, the people of Kronos will undergo increasing related editions drug, that is to say attachment and violence.

