Homeland Illumination
A LOOK BACK AT A LIFE CUT TRAGICAL SHORT: ELIAN KAREL
Petrus Gerhard
20 June 2011

ABILA, Kronos - Two years ago yesterday Elian Karel died at age 28 in an Abila jail cell, purportedly of cardiac arrest.  He had been arrested three months prior for spurious charges of tax evasion and left to linger in a jail cell without further legal action.  His attorney, Michale Kraft made several appearances in court demanding that the government outline their specific charges, and release Karel.  Kraft had reached an agreement with the government that charges would be reduced and the Karel be released pending a trial, but Karel died two days before he was to go free.
Questions linger, however, about the manner of Karel's death.  Requests for information were met with assurances that the police -whose custody Karel was in at the time of his death - would do everything possible to perform an exhaustive investigation.
This "thorough investigation" lasted all of two weeks, including the time it took the Abila City Coroner to lose the original autopsy files.  After Karel's body was cremated and sent to his family in Elodis, the Abila Chief of Police closed the case and has declined to answer questions about Karel's death stating that "we are satisfied the death was of natural causes and will no longer be entertaining inquiries."
As reported at the time of Karel's death, several people close to the investigation reported that Karel's body showed signs of blunt force trauma, abrasions and lacerations which were not consistent with the cause of death reported by the police.  These confidential sources have since moved from the area and have been unavailable for contact.
Police have denied anything unusual happened in Karel's death and city officials claim the accusations of murder and wrongful death are asserted by POK rabble-rousers attempting to incite instability and violence.
Yesterday on the morning of June 19th, a small group of POK supporters gathered in front of the Abila Police Station, holding photographs of Elian, and of another young martyr, Juliana Vann, the ten-year old girl who died in 1998 from cancer caused by benzene toxins in her drinking water.  
"Both of them died because of government lies and corruption," one man told me who asked that his name be withheld because of concerns of police retaliation.  "Juliana died because Kronos allowed GAStech to poison our water, and Elian died because he tried to bring Juliana justice.  When will it end?"
Another, larger crowd had gathered the day before in a nearby city park to bring public awareness about these same issues.  Amid the speeches and music, I heard the same message from the year before:  "Remember Juliana! Remember Elian!"
The Orb

A GLANCE BEHIND WITH SHORTS OF TRAGEDY OF CUT OF THE LIFE: ELIAN KAREL



2011/06/22


ABILA, Kronos - two years ago of yesterday Elian Karel died at age 28 in a cell of prison of Abila, supposedly of stop.  It had been stopped three months former for incidental expense of tax avoidance and lefts to be delayed in a cell of prison without more judicial action.  Its agent, Michale Kraft make several aspects in front of the court require that the contour of government that their detail charges, and Karel release.  Kraft had concluded an agreement with the government that expenses would be reduced and Karel is released while waiting for a test, but Karel died during two days before it was to go freely.

The questions are delayed, however, about the way of died of Karel.  Requests of information were met insurances that the police force - whose Karel guard was inside per hour of its death - would make very possible to carry out a thorough research.

This "complete research" lasted every two weeks, including time when it took the coroner of town of Abila to lose the original files of autopsy.  After the body of Karel was incinerated and sent to its family in Elodis, the chief of Abila of the <name> of police force closed the bag and refused to answer questions about the death of Karel declaring that "we are satisfied death were normal causes and will not amuse any more of the investigations."

As paid per hour of died of Karel, several people close to research reported that the body of Karel showed signs of trauma blunted of force, abrasions and lacerations what were not formed with the cause of the death brought back by the police force.  These confidential sources since moved sector and were inalienable for the contact.

The police force refused with something not very common product in the death of Karel and the civils servant of city claim the charges of the murder and unjustified death are affirmed by POK brew-rousers to try to encourage instability and violence.

Yesterday the morning of June 19, a small group of defenders of POK collected in front of the police station of Abila, holding of the photographs of Elian, and another young martyrdom, Juliana Vann, ten years - the old maid who died in 1998 of cancer caused by benzene toxins in her drinking water.  

"Both died because of the lies of government and the corruption," a man indicated to me who asked that its named either retained because of the preoccupations with a revenge of police force.  "Juliana died because Kronos made it possible GAStech to poison our water, and dead Elian because it tried to bring the justice of Juliana.  When it finishes?"

Others, a larger crowd had collected the front day in park close to city to bring the public conscience about these same questions.  Among the speeches and the music, I heard the same message of the year before:  "To remember Juliana! To remember Elian!"

News Online Today

A LOOK BACK AT A LIFE CUT TRAGICAL SHORT: ELIAN KAREL 

 

2011/06/21
 

ABILA, Kronos ÿ¿¿¿¿?Two years ago yesterday Elian Karel died at age 28 in an Abila jail cell, purportedly of cardiac arrest.  After Karelÿ¿¿¿¿¿s body was cremated and sent to his family in Elodis, the Abila Chief of Police closed the case and has declined to answer questions about Karelÿ¿¿¿¿¿s death stating that ÿ¿¿¿¿¿we are satisfied the death was of natural causes and will no longer be entertaining inquiries.ÿ¿¿¿¿?

As reported at the time of Karelÿ¿¿¿¿¿s death, several people close to the investigation reported that Karelÿ¿¿¿¿¿s body showed signs of blunt force trauma, abrasions and lacerations which were not consistent with the cause of death reported by the police. 

Police have denied anything unusual happened in Karelÿ¿¿¿¿¿s death and city officials claim the accusations of murder and wrongful death are asserted by POK rabble-rousers attempting to incite instability and violence.

The Truth

Protesters POK the district of Vandalize Siopa



2011/06/22


ABILA, Kronos - the guards of demonstration Kronos resulted in the streets of the district Siopa in Abila of the binnenstad in many incidents of vandalism and the opportunistic plunder yesterday.  The new emblem POK painted the ledennevel of the mob rise plundered on bldg. and cars, break shop windows, and intimidated onschuldige witnesses.  The police force was forced traangas and use water guns to spread hooligans the group.





News Online Today

POK Protesters Vandalize Siopa District 

 

2011/06/21
 

ABILA, Kronos - A Protectors of Kronos demonstration in the streets of the Siopa district in downtown Abila resulted in numerous incidents of vandalism and opportunistic looting yesterday.

The Guide

The POK demonstrators destroy districto of Siopa



2011/06/22


ABILA, Kronos - the protectors of the demonstration of Kronos in the streets of districto of Siopa in centric Abila gave rise to numerous incidents of the vandalism and the sacking opportunistic yesterday.  The crowd that the members there are dew painted the new standard of POK in buildings and cars, broke the sacked windows of the store, warehouses, and intimidated innocent present people.  They forced the police to use the tubes of the tear gas and the water to disperse to the group of gamberros.





All News Today

A LOOK BACK AT A LIFE CUT TRAGICAL SHORT: ELIAN KAREL 

 

2011/06/21
 

ABILA, Kronos ÿ¿¿¿¿?Two years ago yesterday Elian Karel died at age 28 in an Abila jail cell, purportedly of cardiac arrest.  Kraft had reached an agreement with the government that charges would be reduced and the Karel be released pending a trial, but Karel died two days before he was to go free. 

Questions linger, however, about the manner of Karelÿ¿¿¿¿¿s death.  Requests for information were met with assurances that the police ÿ¿¿¿¿¿whose custody Karel was in at the time of his death ÿ¿¿¿¿?would do everything possible to perform an exhaustive investigation.  After Karelÿ¿¿¿¿¿s body was cremated and sent to his family in Elodis, the Abila Chief of Police closed the case and has declined to answer questions about Karelÿ¿¿¿¿¿s death stating that ÿ¿¿¿¿¿we are satisfied the death was of natural causes and will no longer be entertaining inquiries.ÿ¿¿¿¿?

As reported at the time of Karelÿ¿¿¿¿¿s death, several people close to the investigation reported that Karelÿ¿¿¿¿¿s body showed signs of blunt force trauma, abrasions and lacerations which were not consistent with the cause of death reported by the police. 

Police have denied anything unusual happened in Karelÿ¿¿¿¿¿s death and city officials claim the accusations of murder and wrongful death are asserted by POK rabble-rousers attempting to incite instability and violence. 

Yesterday on the morning of June 19th, a small group of POK supporters gathered in front of the Abila Police Station, holding photographs of Elian, and of another young martyr, Juliana Vann, the ten-year old girl who died in 1998 from cancer caused by benzene toxins in her drinking water.   

ÿ¿¿¿¿¿Both of them died because of government lies and corruption,ÿ¿¿¿¿?one man told me who asked that his name be withheld because of concerns of police retaliation.  ÿ¿¿¿¿¿Juliana died because Kronos allowed GAStech to poison our water, and Elian died because he tried to bring Juliana justice.

Worldwise

Zone of Vandalize Siopa of protesters of POK



2011/06/21


ABILA, Kronos - the guards of the demonstration of Kronos in the streets of the zone of Siopa in Abila of the center had like consequence of many incidents of vandalism and opportunist plundering yesterday.  Crowd that the members pulverize painted the new logo of POK on buildings and cars, broke windows of store, stores plundered, and intimidated the innocent spectators.  The police force was forced to use water and teargas guns to disperse the group of hooligans.





The Wrap

A CAN ON LIVING CUT TRAGICAL SHORT: ELIAN KAREL



2011/06/22


ABILA, Kronos - two years suffered yesterday Elian Karel on age 28 died in Abila prison cell, apparently of hartstilstand.  He arrested three months in former days for unauthentic charges of belastingontwijking had been and in a prison cell without further judicial steps had left dawdling.  Its solicitor, Michale Kraft made different verschijningen who requires for the Court that the government outlines Karel their specific charges, and version.  Kraft an agreement with the government had reached which charges are diminished and Karel awaiting a test is delivered, but Karel died two days before he rather had go.

The questions dawdle, however, concerning the manner of the death of Karel.  The requests information was satisfied to insurance that the police force - of which preservation Karel was at the time of its dead - everything possibly would do a thorough research carry out.

This thorough research lasted each of two weeks, including the time it took the Coroner of the city Abila to lose the original autopsy files.  After the body of Karel was incinerated and was sent to its family in Elodis, closed the LEADER Abila van Politie to <name> the case and has decreased to ask concerning the death of Karel explanatory that we are answer death was no longer of natural causes and examines. maintenances

As reported at the time of the death of Karel, different people reported dense at the research which the body of Karel signs of bone which did not show strength traumatism, schuring and cracks that compatible with the cause of death by the police force is communicated products.  These confidential sources have since then moved themselves of the area and not available for contact are.

The police force has denied uncommon no matter what in death happened of Karel and the town civil servants require the charges of assassination and the unlawful dead by POK rabble-rousers trying instability and recall violence are claimed.

Yesterday on the morning loving 19 June, collected a small group itself verdedigers POK for the mail of the police force Abila, photograph of Elian, and of another young martyr, Juliana Vann, ten years - old little girl that in 1998, to cancer which by benzene toxin is caused in its drinking water died.  

Both died because of government lie and the corruption, one people told me that early that is name because of care of police force yellowing thing is implied.  Juliana died because Kronos GAStech permitted our water poison, and Elian died because he tried to justice bring Juliana.  When it? will conclude

Another, to larger mob the day voordien in a surrounding town park had collected to bring public information concerning these same questions.  Amid adressed and music, heard I it same reported of the year by:  Remind Juliana! Remind Elian!

