News Desk

THREATS WHICH ARE SPENT BY POK



2012/03/10


ABILA, Kronos - the letters which are claimed have been received for of the guards of Kronos (POK) its Vincent Kapelou, minister of health and cousin of president Kapelou. Threatening letters seems be the more empty threats of attention-aandacht-zoekende an organization and nothing.



M. said Kapelou, the chances are these are nothing, but we will take no chances. Nevertheless he the size of its personal security strength has doubled in reply to the letters.



These types threats reinforce only the fact that POK a public threat is president cite Kapelou.



The Wrap

POK REMIND LEADER MARTYRED



2012/06/21


ABILA, Kronos - in LEADERs of moving ceramics Wednesday of activist the group guards of Kronos homage paid to their cases LEADER, Elian Karel, who on 19 June 2009 whereas resistance worker is held in a prison Kronos assassination.

We collect us today to remind Elian Karel, Silvia Marek told rap assembly, much of which supported white candles in the honor of Karel.

Elian were on an agriculture company Elodis of this born not 40 minutes, to Jeroen and Antaura Karel.  He grew with the phantom of dead around him.   By the time that Elian 17 much of its family members and the friends constant sickness vochten, including its neighbor 10 were years - old Juliana Vann. 

Marek paused a moment to permit the shouts of Juliana! to remind to disappear slowly.

Elian are devoted life to people of Elodis as well as all citizens of Kronos, such as its father by him.  Elian knew a difficult travel of him would be.  He had on its father, Jeroen and the founder of POK, the pace of Henk Bodrogi actual gone paid attention which he would enter.  Elian did not know the cursus easy, would be and little time for personal living would leave.  But nevertheless he preferred those taking measures in spite of the challenges which he he. under eyes see will have blamed

Travel three years concluded of Elian suffered today.  But is not dream died with him.  And it is that vision of healthy and we must honor thriving future for all here today.

In the course of the afternoon different other participants not only paid homage to Elian, but everyone who victims of the milieucatastrofe who become by cupidity and corruption of public civil servants are brought about have been. 

Collecting was brought in the war 


Worldwise

The Minister for health receives threats of POK



2012/03/08


ABILA, Kronos - the sources of police force informed that Kronos hold the first role this Vincent Kapelou, minister of health, received several letters menaçantes applicant to come from the POK.  "I guess that they become desperate for the attention," Vincent Kapelou called in an interview of telephone.  The "chances are this is not nothing, but we will not take any chance. I doubled the size of my force of safety and sent my family far from the prolonged holidays."



Kapelou, 39, were named with the position of the Minister for health in 2001 after the death of Cesare Nespola.  Kapelou is the oldest son of the brother of the President Kaeplou' S, Andreas.





The Explainer

THE THREATS PUBLISHED BY POK



2012/03/09


ABILA, Kronos - the tried letters to be of the protectors of Kronos (POK) have been received by Vincent Kapelou, minister of the health and nephew of president Kapelou. The threatening letters nothing else appear to be the empty threats of an organization attention-whom it looks for and.



Mr. said Kapelou, the "occasions is this one is not nothing, but we are not going to take no occasions." Despite him it has doubled the size of his personal force of the security in answer to the letters.



These classes of threats reinforce only the fact that the POK are a "public threat" to quote to president Kapelou.



The Abila Post
THREATS ISSUED BY POK

8 March 2012

ABILA, Kronos - Letters purported to be from the Protectors of Kronos (POK) have been received by Vincent Kapelou, Minister of Health and nephew of President Kapelou. The threatening letters appear to be the empty threats of an attention-seeking organization and nothing more.

Mr. Kapelou said, "Chances are this is nothing, but we're not going to take any chances." Nonetheless he has doubled the size of his personal security force in response to the letters.

These sorts of threats only reinforce the fact that the POK are a "public threat" to quote President Kapelou.

Kronos Star
POK Anniversary Rally Ends in Riot
Marcella Trapani
20 June 2012

ABILA, Kronos - POK members held a large demonstration in Abila yesterday.  Several dozen of their supporters held sit-ins in front of the capitol building and the presidential manor, while others took to the streets with their signs and chants.  Protestors handed out flyers to bystanders that alleged that our government is corrupt and "the rich get richer on the backs of the poor".  Police called for the peaceful end to the sit-ins, but were answered with a barrage of rocks and bottles from the crowd.  The violence escalated into a full blown riot and police were forced to use tear gas, pepper spray, water cannons, and beanbags shot from shotguns to control the crowd.  

By the time the crowds finally dispersed, several government buildings had been vandalized, two police vehicles were ablaze, and the streets were littered with trash and broken glass.  Several protestors and police were injured, including one heroic police officer who was stabbed by a crazed protestor.  The officer, whose name has been withheld for security reasons, is in critical condition at Abila General Hospital.



The Guide

The minister of the health receives POK threats



2012/03/09


ABILA, Kronos - the sources of the police have informed to the star of Kronos that Vincent Kapelou, minister of the health, has received several threatening letters that they tried to come from the POK.  "I conjecture that they are obtaining desperate for the attention," Vincent Kapelou said in an interview of the telephone.  The "occasions are this one are not nothing, but we are not going to take no occasions. I have doubled the size of my force of the security and have sent to my family in vacations far extended."



Kapelou, 39, were designated to the position of the minister of the health in 2001 after the death of Will stop Nespola.  Kapelou is the oldest son of the brother of president Kaeplou, Andreas.





Kronos Star
Minister of Health Receives Threats from POK
Marcella Trapani
7 March 2012

ABILA, Kronos - Police sources have informed the Kronos Star that Vincent Kapelou, Minister of Health, has received several threatening letters purporting to come from the POK.  "I guess they're getting desperate for attention," Vincent Kapelou said in a phone interview.  "Chances are this is nothing, but we're not going to take any chances. I have doubled the size of my security force and sent my family away on an extended vacation."

Kapelou, 39, was appointed to the position of Minister of Health in 2001 after the death of Cesare Nespola.  Kapelou is the oldest son of President Kaeplou's brother, Andreas.


News Online Today

THREATS ISSUED BY POK 

 

2012/03/09
 

ABILA, Kronos - Letters purported to be from the Protectors of Kronos (POK) have been received by Vincent Kapelou, Minister of Health and nephew of President Kapelou.

Daily Pegasus

INFLAMMATION OF THE PROTESTS IN ABILA IN ANSWER TO CALLS TO THE ACTION



2014/03/26
7 of September of 2012





ABILA, Kronos - the thousands of people aligned the ways Thursday in an exhibition of solidarity antigovernment.



Between the demonstrators it was Mestache Vardshvna, 23, of the coast of the west of Kronos.   "We are trying to obtain the attention of our government," he said.  "This is important, so I took time extinguished from the work to be a part of this important event."



It was one of whom they handled his energy of the free speech to express his preoccupation with the present deficiency of the transparency of the government with the money public.



 "They need to be found out that we know what is doing," added Vardshvna.  "You cannot as soon as to rob our money and to think she can obtain to him far with him."



The posters with colorful images of Elian Karel and Julian Vann were reminders of the heavy toll already paid by the leaders and innocents.    Its death, thought to be a murder by many, urged annul meetings to bring the message of the protectors of Kronos to the public.  Julian Vann died in 1998 of the cancer caused by environmental toxins in its potable water.  It finished giving return to ten years.






The Truth

The minister of health receives threats of POK



2012/03/08


ABILA, Kronos - the sources of the police force to the ASTRE Kronos have communicated that Vincent Kapelou, minister of health, different has received those letters threaten claiming from POK come.  I assume they for attention desperate become, Vincent Kapelou aforesaid in a telephone conversation.  The chances are these are nothing, but we will take no chances. I the size of my security strength and my family has doubled on a vast holiday. sent away



Kapelou, 39, were appointed in the position of minister of health in 2001, after the death of Cesare Nespola.  Kapelou are the oldest zoon of the brother of president Kaeplou's, Andreas.





Athena Speaks

THE THREATS PUBLISHED BY POK



2012/03/10


ABILA, Kronos - letters claimed to be guards of Kronos (POK) were received by Vincent Kapelou, minister of health and nephew of President Kapelou. The letters menaçantes seem to be the empty threats of a attention-seeking organization and nothing more.



Mr. said Kapelou, of the "chances are this is not nothing, but we will not take any chance." Nevertheless it doubled the size of its personal force of safety in reply to the letters.



These kinds of threats reinforces only the fact that the POK are "a public threat" to quote President Kapelou.



News Online Today

Minister of Health Receives Threats from POK 

 

2012/03/08
 

ABILA, Kronos - Police sources have stated that Vincent Kapelou, Minister of Health, has received several threatening letters purporting to come from the POK.

