The Wrap

POK REMIND LEADER MARTYRED



2012/06/21


ABILA, Kronos - in LEADERs of moving ceramics Wednesday of activist the group guards of Kronos homage paid to their cases LEADER, Elian Karel, who on 19 June 2009 whereas resistance worker is held in a prison Kronos assassination.

We collect us today to remind Elian Karel, Silvia Marek told rap assembly, much of which supported white candles in the honor of Karel.

Elian were on an agriculture company Elodis of this born not 40 minutes, to Jeroen and Antaura Karel.  He grew with the phantom of dead around him.   By the time that Elian 17 much of its family members and the friends constant sickness vochten, including its neighbor 10 were years - old Juliana Vann. 

Marek paused a moment to permit the shouts of Juliana! to remind to disappear slowly.

Elian are devoted life to people of Elodis as well as all citizens of Kronos, such as its father by him.  Elian knew a difficult travel of him would be.  He had on its father, Jeroen and the founder of POK, the pace of Henk Bodrogi actual gone paid attention which he would enter.  Elian did not know the cursus easy, would be and little time for personal living would leave.  But nevertheless he preferred those taking measures in spite of the challenges which he he. under eyes see will have blamed

Travel three years concluded of Elian suffered today.  But is not dream died with him.  And it is that vision of healthy and we must honor thriving future for all here today.

In the course of the afternoon different other participants not only paid homage to Elian, but everyone who victims of the milieucatastrofe who become by cupidity and corruption of public civil servants are brought about have been. 

Collecting was brought in the war only by the worsening presence of police force Abila in babbling couples.  The police force acted much of the mob, causing them the assembly must left rather than with batons and pepernevel are stormed.







World Source 

Abila police break up sit-in turned violent at the presidential manor  

 

2012/06/20
 

Traffic snarled around the city as Abilians struggle to get to work amid vandalism and looting 

Early on Tuesday police stormed the front of the presidential mansion and the capital building, breaking up a sit in by the Protectors of Kronos. 

The conservative Kronos government used an emergency law to threaten the protestors with arrest unless they dispersed and returned to work.  The row is over environmental issues the POK holds the government and the gas giant GAStech international responsible.  

Signs among the protester called for government change and social equality.  Images of Juliana Vann, the 10 year old girl who dies from illnesses attributed to the industrial giant GAStech international served as rallying points.   

Tuesday was the third anniversary of the mysterious death of Elian Karel, a popular leader of the POK who died in prison.  

Later in the day, what had been a largely peaceful demonstration turned violent when the crowd started vandalizing government buildings and the presidential homestead.  

Police reinforcements were sent to the area and blocked roads, and skirmishes between the police and protestors broke out.  

Police used tear gas to break up the unruly crowd.  Government spokesmen complemented the security forces for their handling of the "gangs of criminals" disrupting the peace.

Homeland Illumination
POK REMEMBERS MARTYRED LEADER
Petrus Gerhard
20 June 2012

ABILA, Kronos - In a touching ceremony Wednesday leaders of the activist group Protectors of Kronos paid tribute to their fallen leader, Elian Karel, who was murdered on 19 June 2009 while being illegally detained in a Kronos jail.
"Today we gather to remember Elian Karel," Silvia Marek told the rapt assembly, many of whom held up white candles in Karel's honor.
"Elian was born on an Elodis farm not 40 minutes from here, to Jeroen and Antaura Karel.  He grew up with the specter of death all around him.   By the time Elian was 17 many of his family members and friends were battling constant illness, including his neighbor 10-year old Juliana Vann."
Marek paused a moment to allow the cries of "Remember Juliana!" to fade.
"Elian devoted his life to the people of Elodis as well as all citizens of Kronos, as did his father before him.  Elian knew his would be a difficult journey.  He had watched his father, Jeroen and the founder of the POK, Henk Bodrogi walk the very path he would tread.  Elian knew the course would not be easy, and would leave little time for a personal life.  Yet he chose to take those steps despite the challenges he knew he would face."
"Elian's journey ended three years ago today.  But his dream did not die with him.  And it is that vision of a healthy and prosperous future for all we are here today to honor."
Over the course of the afternoon several other speakers paid tribute to not only Elian, but all who have been victims of the environmental catastrophe brought about by greed and corruption of public officials. 
The gathering was marred only by the aggravating presence of Abila police in riot gear.  The police agitated many of the crowd, causing them to have to leave the assembly rather than be assailed with batons and pepper spray.



News Online Today

WHO ARE THE PROTESTERS  

 

2012/08/22
 

ABILA, Kronos - With the third anniversary of Elian Karel's death approaching - former member of the Protectors of Kronos - the question is: who are the protesters? The POK was initiated to bring attention to the clean water issues surrounding Elodis to the Government of Kronos and the world. The POK asserts he was arrested on trumped up charges while the Government of Kronos contends he was a radical and violent activist engaged in tax evasion.  
 

The POK has evolved from peaceful protests and demonstrations demanding government action to more violent activities including riots as they claim that the government has done little to nothing in addressing the contamination, poisonings, and deaths suffered by their people.


Central Bulletin

WHO ARE THE PROTESTERS  

 

2012/08/23
 

ABILA, Kronos - With the third anniversary of Elian Karel's death approaching - former member of the Protectors of Kronos - the question is: who are the protesters?  

 

The Protectors of Kronos or POK were founded in 1997 by residents of rural Elodis on the advice of the now defunct Wellness for All (WFA), an international water safety group. The POK was initiated to bring attention to the clean water issues surrounding Elodis to the Government of Kronos and the world. The POK asserts that GAStech International's Tiskele Bend natural gas drilling site is the source of both the contamination of drinking water as well as the destruction of the traditional farmland surrounding Elodis. However, with the fragmenting of WFA due to funding issues, the POK's demands were largely ignored and downplayed. The Government of Kronos officially refuted the claim citing the fragmentation of the WFA organization as evidence of an unreliable source not to be trusted. Regardless, Juliana became the POK's first martyr and has used Juliana's image on campaign literature ever since.  

 

The POK's second major martyr is Elian Karel, who died in 2009 while incarcerated of undetermined causes. The POK asserts he was arrested on trumped up charges while the Government of Kronos contends he was a radical and violent activist engaged in tax evasion. Karel had been involved with the POK since its inception given that his father, Jeroen Karel, was an original member.  

 

The POK has evolved from peaceful protests and demonstrations demanding government action to more violent activities including riots as they claim that the government has done little to nothing in addressing the contamination, poisonings, and deaths suffered by their people. As of 2011, the Government of Kronos has labeled the POK as a "public threat".

International Times
Abila police break up sit-in turned violent at the presidential manor 

20 June 2012

Traffic snarled around the city as Abilians struggle to get to work amid vandalism and looting
Early on Tuesday police stormed the front of the presidential mansion and the capital building, breaking up a sit in by the Protectors of Kronos.
Other activist groups have joined the protesting faction in solidarity and a bigger rally was predicted for later in the day.
The conservative Kronos government used an emergency law to threaten the protestors with arrest unless they dispersed and returned to work.  The row is over environmental issues the POK holds the government and the gas giant GAStech international responsible.
The rallies had begun peacefully, however more destructive activities have escalated as the crowds became more restless. 
Signs among the protester called for government change and social equality.  Images of Juliana Vann, the 10 year old girl who died from illnesses attributed to the industrial giant GAStech international served as rallying points.
People heading to a pro-government counter-rally were attacked by POK supporters, and later shots were fired.  
Tuesday was the third anniversary of the mysterious death of Elian Karel, a popular leader of the POK who died in prison. 
Later in the day, what had been a largely peaceful demonstration turned violent when the crowd started vandalizing government buildings and the presidential homestead.  
A group of younger protestors attacked vehicles, smashing windows.  Minor injuries were reported. 
Police reinforcements were sent to the area and blocked roads, and skirmishes between the police and protestors broke out. 
Police used tear gas to break up the unruly crowd.  Government spokesmen complemented the security forces for their handling of the "gangs of criminals" disrupting the peace.  

The Explainer

THE WHO IS THE DEMONSTRATORS 



2012/08/24


ABILA, Kronos - with the third anniversary to approach of the death of Elian Karel - previous member of the protectors of Kronos - the question is:  who are the demonstrators?  But not only who are they, which and because they are protesting? 



The protectors of Kronos or POK were founded on 1997 by the residents of rural Elodis in agreement with the opinion of the now late health for all (WFA), an international group of the security of the water. The POK was initiated to bring the attention to the clean editions of the water that surrounded Elodis to the government by Kronos and the world. The POK affirms that the site that it perforates international of the natural gas of the curve of GAStech Tiskele is the source of both the contamination of the potable water as well as the destruction of the traditional territories of labrantío that surround Elodis. 



In 1998, WFA made test in the water of Elodis that finds stops levels of the benzene, arsenic of the tolueno and xylene, barium, chromium, lead and selenium. The test of a subsequent declaration sent by the attention and the pressure in the international government and GAStech brought WFA to the act. Nevertheless, with making fragments of WFA due to financing editions, the demands of the POK were not done case and downplayed to a great extent. 



Also in 1998, Julian Vann, of a ten years previously healthy one - the old girl died of a persistent disease, that WFA-financed demanded doctors was caused by the contamination of the water. The government of Kronos officially refuted the demand that mentioned the fragmentation of the WFA organization as it demonstrates of a nontrustworthy source that will not trust. He costs what costs, Julian he felt well to martyr of the first POK and has used the image of Julian in the Literature of the campaign since. 



Martyr secondly main of POK is Elian Karel, that died in 2009 whereas incarcerated of indetermine causes. Trumped upon loads affirms it to the POK was arrested ignition whereas the government of affirms it to Kronos was a radical and violent activist contracted the fiscal evasion. Karel been had implied with the POK from its beginning since his father, Jeroen Karel, were an original member.  The death of Elian Karel in 2009 was marked by spontaneous cases of the protest around Abila. The anniversary of its death, the 19 of June, has considered additional protests, demonstrations, uproars, and violence. 



The POK has been developed of pacific protests and demonstrations that demanded the action from the government to more violent activities including uproars whereas he demands that the government has done little nothing in the direction of the contamination, the envenenamientos, and the deaths undergone by his people. In date 2011, the government of Kronos has labeled the POK as "he threatens public".











The Continent

Zitten-in divide the police force of Abila twisted violently at presidential manor 



2012/06/21


Movement that around the city if fight Abilians is snarled gets to work amid vandalism and plundering

Early Tuesday the police force stormed the front of the presidential lord house and, divide the head bldg. is by the guards of Kronos present.

Other activist groups have become of the protesting faction in solidarity member and a larger collection were predicted for later in the day.

The conservative government Kronos used an emergency situation law to threaten unless protestors with arrest they spread and on the work returned.  The file is concerning environment questions POK the government and gas reuze keeps international responsible GAStech.

The collections had started peacefully, nochtans the more devastating activities have increased since the mob rustelozer became. 

The signs under protester requested government change and social equality.  The pictures of Juliana Vann, 10 the one person whose birthday it is little girl that to sicknesses dies which to be attributed to industrial reuze international GAStech served such as collecting aim.

People who to pro-government tegen-verzameling were attacked lead POK verdedigers, and the more recent shots were put in fire.  

Tuesday were the third anniversary of mysterious dead of Elian Karel, a popular LEADER of POK who in prison died. 

Later in the day, what a mainly peaceful violently twisted demonstration had been then the mob started government bldg. and the presidential hoeve vandalizing.  

A group younger protestors attacked vehicles, break windows.  The less important wounds were communicated. 

Strengthenings of the police force were sent to the area and the blocked ways, and the clashes between vomit the police force and protestors from. 

The police force used traangas to divide the undisciplined mob.  Spokesmen of the government filled the security strengths for their treatment of the troops of criminals to interrupting peace.  



Homeland Illumination
Maha Salo
7 September 2012
PROTESTS SWELL IN ABILA IN RESPONSE TO CALLS TO ACTION

ABILA, Kronos - Thousands of people lined the roads on Thursday in a display of antigovernment solidarity.

Among the demonstrators was Mestache Vardshvna, 23, from the west coast of Kronos.   "We're trying to get the attention of our government," he told the Homeland Illumination.  "This is important, so I took time off from work to be a part of this important event."

He was one of many who wielded their power of free speech to voice their concern with the current lack of government transparency with public monies.

 "They need to be aware that we know what they're doing," added Vardshvna.  "You can't just steal our money and think you can get away with it."

Posters with colorful images of Elian Karel and Juliana Vann were reminders of the heavy toll already paid by leaders and innocents.  Karel was the prior leader of the Protectors of Kronos before his premature death in 2009.  His death, thought to be a murder by many, prompted annul rallies to bring the message of the Protectors of Kronos to the public.  Juliana Vann died in 1998 of cancer caused by environmental toxins in her drinking water.  She had just turned ten years old.
Everyday News

The police of Abila breaks itself for above will seat dice returned violent in señorío presidential 



2012/06/21


The traffic gruni?around the city as fight of Abilians to be able to work in the middle of vandalism and of the sacking

At the beginning of the Tuesday police stormed the front of the presidential mansion and the capital building, breaking itself upon seating inside by the protectors of Kronos.

Other groups of the activist have assembled the faction of protest in solidarity and one more a greater meeting was predicted for later inside the day.

The government of Kronos of the conservative used an emergency law to threaten protestors the halting unless they dispersed and they returned to the work.  The row is excessive environmental editions that the POK maintains to the government and the giant international person in charge of GAStech of the gas.

The meetings had begun Pacific, despite more destructive activities have extended as the crowds made more anxious. 

The samples between the demonstrator called for the change of the government and the social equality.  The images of Julian Vann, the girl of 10 years who dies of diseases attributed to the international industrial giant of GAStech served like points of the meeting.

The people who direct to a favorable-government accountant-reunite was attacked by POK those in favor, and last shots were ignited.  

Tuesday was the third anniversary of the mysterious death of Elian Karel, popular leader of the POK that died in the prison. 

More ahead in the day, which had been a pacific demonstration to a great extent given violent return when the crowd began to destroy to the buildings of the government and the presidential farm.  

A group of protestors more young people attacked the vehicles, sensational windows.  Injuries of smaller importance were disclosed. 

The reinforcements of the police were sent to the area and blocked the roads, and the skirmishes between the police and protestors exploded. 

The police used the tear gas to break for above to the unmanageable crowd.  The spokesmen of the government complemented the forces of the security for their direction of the "groups of the criminals" who interrupted La Paz.  



News Online Today

PROTESTS SWELL IN ABILA IN RESPONSE TO CALLS TO ACTION 

 

2012/09/08
 

 

ABILA, Kronos - Thousands of people lined the roads on Thursday in a display of antigovernment solidarity.  Karel was the prior leader of the Protectors of Kronos before his premature death in 2009.  His death, thought to be a murder by many, prompted annul rallies to bring the message of the Protectors of Kronos to the public.

World Journal

The police force of Abila breaks upwards rest-in turned violent one with the presidential manor 



2012/06/21


The traffic thundered around the city like fights of Abilians to obtain to work among vandalism and plundering

As of the access the police force of Tuesday gave the attack in front of the presidential manor and of the capital building, breaking to the top one to rest inside by the guards of Kronos.

Other groups of activist joined the faction of protest in solidarity and a larger gathering was planned for posterior inside the day.

The government of Kronos of conservative employed a law of help to threaten the protestateurs by the arrest unless they dispersed and returned to work.  The line is the finished environmental questions that the POK holds the government and the giant international person in charge for gas GAStech.

The gatherings had started peacefully, however more destructive activities climbed as crowd became more agitated. 

The signs among the protester claimed the change of government and the social equality.  The images of Juliana Vann, girl the 10 year old who dies of the diseases allotted to the international industrial giant of GAStech been used as gathering points.

People moving to a pro-gouvernmental meter-gather were attacked by defenders of POK, and posterior projectiles were put fire.  

Tuesday was the third birthday of the mysterious death of Elian Karel, a popular chief of the POK which died in prison. 

Later in day, which had been a demonstration mainly peaceful round violent when crowd began with vandalizing the buildings of government and the presidential farm.  

A group of younger protestateurs attacked vehicles, windows sensational.  Minor damage was reported. 

Reinforcements of police force were sent to the sector and blocked roads, and the skirmishes between the police force and the protestateurs burst. 

The police force was accustomed to the teargas to break to the top undisciplined crowd.  The spokesman of government supplemented the forces of safety for their handling of the "troops of the criminals" disturbing peace.  



The Wrap



THE PROTESTS SWELL IN ABILA IN REPLY TO QUESTION TO ACTION

2012/09/08


ABILA, Kronos - thousands of people conducted the ways on Thursday in a vertoning of antigovernment solidarity.



Under the demonstration systems Mestache Vardshvna were, 23, of the west coast of Kronos.   We try get the attention of our government, he said.  This is important, so that I demanded gone time of the work share of this important event to be.



He was one of many which used their competence of free speech to express their care with the current lack of government transparency with public money.



 They must consciously be themselves know of it that we what do they, added Vardshvna.  YOU can not only steal our money and think you are possible with leaving.



The posters with coloured pictures of Elian Karel and Juliana Vann was memories of the heavy toll which is already paid by LEADERs and innocents.  Karel the former LEADER of the guards of Kronos was by its premature dead in 2009.  To be dead, idea an assassination be by many, put cancels collections to bring it reported of the guards of Kronos to publicly.  Juliana Vann died in 1998, of cancer which is caused by environment toxin in its drinking water.  She had twisted exactly ten years old.

The Abila Post
WHO ARE THE PROTESTERS 

22 August 2012 

ABILA, Kronos - With the third anniversary of Elian Karel's death approaching - former member of the Protectors of Kronos - the question is: who are the protesters? But not only who are they, what and why are they protesting? 

The Protectors of Kronos or POK were founded in 1997 by residents of rural Elodis on the advice of the now defunct Wellness for All (WFA), an international water safety group. The POK was initiated to bring attention to the clean water issues surrounding Elodis to the Government of Kronos and the world. The POK asserts that GAStech International's Tiskele Bend natural gas drilling site is the source of both the contamination of drinking water as well as the destruction of the traditional farmland surrounding Elodis. 

In 1998, WFA performed testing on the water of Elodis finding high levels of benzene, toluene and xylene arsenic, barium, chromium, lead and selenium. The testing a subsequent statement released by WFA brought international attention and pressure on the government and GAStech to act. However, with the fragmenting of WFA due to funding issues, the POK's demands were largely ignored and downplayed. 

Also in 1998, Juliana Vann, a previously healthy ten-year old girl died of a lingering illness, which WFA-funded doctors claimed was caused by water contamination. The Government of Kronos officially refuted the claim citing the fragmentation of the WFA organization as evidence of an unreliable source not to be trusted. Regardless, Juliana became the POK's first martyr and has used Juliana's image on campaign literature ever since. 

The POK's second major martyr is Elian Karel, who died in 2009 while incarcerated of undetermined causes. The POK asserts he was arrested on trumped up charges while the Government of Kronos contends he was a radical and violent activist engaged in tax evasion. Karel had been involved with the POK since its inception given that his father, Jeroen Karel, was an original member.  Elian Karel's death in 2009 was marked by spontaneous instances of protest around Abila. The anniversary of his death, June 19, has seen additional protests, demonstrations, riots, and violence. 

The POK has evolved from peaceful protests and demonstrations demanding government action to more violent activities including riots as they claim that the government has done little to nothing in addressing the contamination, poisonings, and deaths suffered by their people. As of 2011, the Government of Kronos has labeled the POK as a "public threat".





Daily Pegasus

INFLAMMATION OF THE PROTESTS IN ABILA IN ANSWER TO CALLS TO THE ACTION



2014/03/26
7 of September of 2012





ABILA, Kronos - the thousands of people aligned the ways Thursday in an exhibition of solidarity antigovernment.



Between the demonstrators it was Mestache Vardshvna, 23, of the coast of the west of Kronos.   "We are trying to obtain the attention of our government," he said.  "This is important, so I took time extinguished from the work to be a part of this important event."



It was one of whom they handled his energy of the free speech to express his preoccupation with the present deficiency of the transparency of the government with the money public.



 "They need to be found out that we know what is doing," added Vardshvna.  "You cannot as soon as to rob our money and to think she can obtain to him far with him."



The posters with colorful images of Elian Karel and Julian Vann were reminders of the heavy toll already paid by the leaders and innocents.    Its death, thought to be a murder by many, urged annul meetings to bring the message of the protectors of Kronos to the public.  Julian Vann died in 1998 of the cancer caused by environmental toxins in its potable water.  It finished giving return to ten years.

News Online Today

POK REMEMBERS MARTYRED LEADER 

 

2012/06/20
 

ABILA, Kronos - In a touching ceremony Wednesday leaders of the activist group Protectors of Kronos paid tribute to their fallen leader, Elian Karel, who was murdered on 19 June 2009 while being illegally detained in a Kronos jail. 

"Today we gather to remember Elian Karel," Silvia Marek told the rapt assembly, many of whom held up white candles in Karel's honor.   By the time Elian was 17 many of his family members and friends were battling constant illness, including his neighbor 10-year old Juliana Vann."  Elian knew his would be a difficult journey.  Elian knew the course would not be easy, and would leave little time for a personal life.

Daily Pegasus

POK REMEMBERS MARTYRED LEADER



2012/06/22


ABILA, Kronos - in the stirring leaders of Wednesday of the ceremony of the protectors of the group of the activist of Kronos the tribute paid to its fallen leader, Elian Karel, that was assassinated the 19 of June of 2009 whereas illegal one being stopped in a jail of Kronos.

"We collected today to remember Elian Karel," Silvia Marek we said the assembly of rapt, many of whom supported the white candles in the honor of Karel.

"Elian was taken in a farm of Elodis not 40 minutes of here, to Jeroen and Antaura Karel.  It grew above for with the phantom of the death everything around him.   For the moment at which Elian was 17 many of their members of the family and the friends fought constant disease, including their neighbor 10 years - old Julian Vann. "

Marek stopped briefly a little while to allow the shouts of "remembers Julian" to descolorar itself.

  Elian knew that his it would be a difficult trip.  He had watched his father, to Jeroen and founder of the POK, long walk of Henk Bodrogi the same trajectory that he would be above.  Elian knew that the course would not be easy, and that it would leave just a short time by a personal life.  He chose yet to take those measures in spite of the challenges that he knew that he would do in front. "

The "trip of Elian finished three years ago today.  But its dream did not die with him.  And it is that vision of a healthy one and future prosperous for all we are here today honoring."

On the course of afternoon several other loudspeakers they paid tribute not only to Elian, but all that have been victims of the environmental catastrophe caused by avarice and the corruption of civil employees. 

The meeting was only spoiled by the aggravating presence of the police of Abila in gear of the uproar.  The police shook to many of the crowd, doing to have them to leave the assembly rather that to invade with the command batons and the aerosol of the pepper.







The Orb

POK SE POINTS OUT THE CHIEF OF MARTYRED



2012/06/22


ABILA, Kronos - in the chiefs moving one Wednesday of ceremony of the guards of group of activist of Kronos poured the homage on their fallen chief, Elian Karel, which was assassinated on June 19, 2009 while being illegally held in prison of Kronos.

"Today we meet to point out Elian Karel to us," Silvia Marek said the enthumansiaste, much which delayed the white candles in the honor of Karel.

"Elian was constant with a farm of Elodis not 40 minutes from here, in Jeroen and Antaura Karel.  It grew with the spectrum of dead all around him.   Before Elian was 17 several of its members of family and the friends fought the constant disease, including its neighbor 10 years - old man Juliana Vann. "?

Marek made a pause one moment to allow the cries of "remember Juliana!" to fade.

"Elian devoted its life to the people of Elodis as well as all the citizens of Kronos, just as his/her father before him.  Elian knew that his would be a difficult voyage.  It had observed his father, Jeroen and the founder of the POK, walk of Henk Bodrogi the way even as it would go.  Elian knew that the course would not be easy, and would leave little time during a personal life.  However it chose to take these measurements in spite of the challenges which it knew that it would face."

The "voyage of Elian finished three years ago of today.  But its dream did not die with him.  And it is this vision of healthy and future thrives for all we are here today to honor."

In afternoon several other loudspeakers paid homage not only to Elian, but all what were victims of the environmental catastrophe caused by avarice and corruption of the public civils servant. 

The gathering was disturbed only by the presence of aggravation of the police force of Abila in the speed of riot.  The police force agitated much crowd, involving them to have to leave the assembly rather than to be invaded with the sticks and the jet of pepper.







All News Today

POK REMEMBERS MARTYRED LEADER 

 

2012/06/20
 

ABILA, Kronos - In a touching ceremony Wednesday leaders of the activist group Protectors of Kronos paid tribute to their fallen leader, Elian Karel, who was murdered on 19 June 2009 while being illegally detained in a Kronos jail. 

"Today we gather to remember Elian Karel," Silvia Marek told the rapt assembly, many of whom held up white candles in Karel's honor. 

"Elian was born on an Elodis farm not 40 minutes from here, to Jeroen and Antaura Karel.   By the time Elian was 17 many of his family members and friends were battling constant illness, including his neighbor 10-year old Juliana Vann." 

"Elian devoted his life to the people of Elodis as well as all citizens of Kronos, as did his father before him.  Elian knew his would be a difficult journey.  He had watched his father, Jeroen and the founder of the POK, Henk Bodrogi walk the very path he would tread.  Elian knew the course would not be easy, and would leave little time for a personal life. 

"Elian's journey ended three years ago today. 

Over the course of the afternoon several other speakers paid tribute to not only Elian, but all who have been victims of the environmental catastrophe brought about by greed and corruption of public officials.  The police agitated many of the crowd, causing them to have to leave the assembly rather than be assailed with batons and pepper spray.

News Desk

THE WGO ARE PROTESTERS 



2012/08/23


ABILA, Kronos - with the third anniversary of the death of Elian Karel closer coming - former member of the guards of Kronos - the question is: who are protesters? But not only who she, what are and why do they protest? 



The guards of Kronos or POK were set up in 1997 residents, of rural Elodis on the advice of now overledde Wellness all (WFA), an international group of the water security. POK in functioning were put to bring attention to clean water spend surrounding Elodis to the government Kronos and the world. POK claim that place of the aardgasboring of bending GAStech the international Tiskele the source of both the pollution of drinking water as well as the destruction of the traditional agriculture ground which surrounds Elodis is. 



In 1998, WFA conducted testing on the water of Elodis from finding high levels of benzene, toluene and xylene arsenic, barium, chromium, lead and selenium. A further declaration which is released by WFA brought international attention to testing and very on the government and GAStech to act. However, with smashing WFA to attribute to the financing of questions, the requirements of POK were mainly ignored and downplayed. 



Also in 1998, Juliana, Vann, rather healthy of ten years - the old little girl died to a dawdling sickness, which wFA-Gefinancierde the geëisteo doctors water pollution was caused. The government of Kronos refuted officially the requirement the quoting fragmentation of the organization trust WFA as a proof material of onbetrouwbare not source. Anyhow, Juliana the first martyr of POK and has the picture of Juliana on campaign literature sinsdien was used. 



The second most important martyr of POK is Elian Karel, who in 2009, whereas incarcerated died of indefinite causes. POK claim he trumped omhoog charges were arrested whereas the government of Kronos fights he radical and violent activist was charged with belastingontwijking. Karel geïmpliceerdn with POK since its commencement its father had been seen, Jeroen Karel, an original member was.  The death of Karel van Elian in 2009, was seen by spontaneous agencies of protest round Abila. The anniversary of its dead, 19 June, have extra protests, demonstrations, babble, and violence seen. 



POK of peaceful protests and demonstrations have evolved which require government action babble to violenter activities including since they claim that the government little has done to nothing in aiming pollution, poisonings, and the sterfgevallen which are incurred by their people. As from 2011, the government of Kronos POK as has a public threat geëtiketteerdl.











All News Today

PROTESTS SWELL IN ABILA IN RESPONSE TO CALLS TO ACTION 

 

2012/09/08
 

 

ABILA, Kronos - Thousands of people lined the roads on Thursday in a display of antigovernment solidarity. 

 

Among the demonstrators was Mestache Vardshvna, 23, from the west coast of Kronos.  "This is important, so I took time off from work to be a part of this important event." 

 

He was one of many who wielded their power of free speech to voice their concern with the current lack of government transparency with public monies. 

 

Posters with colorful images of Elian Karel and Juliana Vann were reminders of the heavy toll already paid by leaders and innocents.  Karel was the prior leader of the Protectors of Kronos before his premature death in 2009.  His death, thought to be a murder by many, prompted annul rallies to bring the message of the Protectors of Kronos to the public.  Juliana Vann died in 1998 of cancer caused by environmental toxins in her drinking water.

