Daily Pegasus

THE DEMONSTRATION ATTRACTS THOUSANDS IN SPITE OF RAIN



2012/11/11


ABILA, Kronos - a heavy rain did not stop to thousands of citizens to assure its voices was heard last Wednesday.



An open microphone was installed in the common fields of the city with the loudspeakers installed around the area.  The POK leader Silvia Marek opened to assembly with a short speech that he indicated that the demands of the citizens of Kronos are nonnegotiable, and the civil employees of the government must and immediately unconditional institute a program of the responsibility of the government, proveído of personnel with the people chosen with a international-supervised vote of the citizens of Kronos, and will be responsible for the negligence of the money of the contributor.



With that one, it invited to each one that did its voices heard.



There was shortage of impatient no people to have his opinion.  Histories extended of the qualified workers who were passed over for the works that were given in last instance to a member of the family of an official of the government, to a woman greater than he asked for financial aid after his died husband of the associated disease to contaminated water.  



"They said to Me that [its outside right death] the cost to make business," she said through his rasgones.



News Online Today
POK DEMONSTRATIONS ON THE INCREASE

12 November 2012 
ABILA, Kronos ?An increase in the frequency of demonstrations by the Protectors of Kronos have given rise to concerns from the Government of Kronos. Three recent demonstrations, in as many weeks, have drawn crowds of thousands in front of the capitol building. 
The Orb

THE DEMONSTRATION ATTRACTS THOUSANDS IN SPITE OF RAIN



2012/11/12


ABILA, Kronos - a strong rain did not stop thousands of citizens ensuring their voices was heard last Wednesday.



An open microphone was established in the communal grounds of city with loudspeakers established around the sector.  The Chief Silvia Marek of POK opened to the assembly with a speech short informant that the requests of the citizens of Kronos are unnegotiable, and the civils servant of the government immediately must and without reserve to institute a programme of responsibility for government, provided of personnel with people elected by a international-supervised voice of the citizens of Kronos, and will be responsible for the inadvertency of the moneys of taxpayer.



With that, it invited each one to make their heard voices.



There was no lack of people eager to have their word.  The stories extended from the skilled workers having passed above for work which was finally given to a member of family of a civil servant of government, to an old woman who asked for the financial assistance after her dead husband of the disease related to soiled water.  



"They indicated to me that it [its death] was right the cost to make deals," it said by its tears.



The Wrap

DEMONSTRATION ATTRACTS THOUSANDS IN SPITE OF RAIN



2012/11/12


ABILA, Kronos - a heavy rain loved no thousands of citizens insuring against their votes previous Wednesday was heard.



An open microphone was set up in the town lower house with participants set up around the area.  POK the LEADER Silvia Marek opened the assembly who explains with a short speech that the requirements of the citizens of Kronos are not-negotiable, and the civil servants of the government must a programme immediately and unconditionally establish of the government duty of responsibility that it is manned with persons who by internationaal-gecontroleerde are preferred a voice of citizens Kronos, and responsibly for carelessness of taxpayer money will be.



With that, they everyone invited from to make their votes heard.



There was no shortage to persons enthusiastic have their say.  The tales regions itself workers qualified of who are proceeded concerning for job which were eventually given to a family member of a government civil servant, to an elderly person woman who for financial aid requested after its spouse died to sickness linked to polluted water.  



They told me it [be dead] only the costs was do matter, she said by its cracks.



