News Online Today

WHO ARE THE PROTESTERS  

 

2012/08/22
 

ABILA, Kronos - With the third anniversary of Elian Karel's death approaching - former member of the Protectors of Kronos - the question is: who are the protesters? The POK was initiated to bring attention to the clean water issues surrounding Elodis to the Government of Kronos and the world. The POK asserts he was arrested on trumped up charges while the Government of Kronos contends he was a radical and violent activist engaged in tax evasion.  

 

The POK has evolved from peaceful protests and demonstrations demanding government action to more violent activities including riots as they claim that the government has done little to nothing in addressing the contamination, poisonings, and deaths suffered by their people.

Central Bulletin

WHO ARE THE PROTESTERS  

 

2012/08/23
 

ABILA, Kronos - With the third anniversary of Elian Karel's death approaching - former member of the Protectors of Kronos - the question is: who are the protesters?  

 

The Protectors of Kronos or POK were founded in 1997 by residents of rural Elodis on the advice of the now defunct Wellness for All (WFA), an international water safety group. The POK was initiated to bring attention to the clean water issues surrounding Elodis to the Government of Kronos and the world. The POK asserts that GAStech International's Tiskele Bend natural gas drilling site is the source of both the contamination of drinking water as well as the destruction of the traditional farmland surrounding Elodis. However, with the fragmenting of WFA due to funding issues, the POK's demands were largely ignored and downplayed. The Government of Kronos officially refuted the claim citing the fragmentation of the WFA organization as evidence of an unreliable source not to be trusted. Regardless, Juliana became the POK's first martyr and has used Juliana's image on campaign literature ever since.  

 

The POK's second major martyr is Elian Karel, who died in 2009 while incarcerated of undetermined causes. The POK asserts he was arrested on trumped up charges while the Government of Kronos contends he was a radical and violent activist engaged in tax evasion. Karel had been involved with the POK since its inception given that his father, Jeroen Karel, was an original member.  

 

The POK has evolved from peaceful protests and demonstrations demanding government action to more violent activities including riots as they claim that the government has done little to nothing in addressing the contamination, poisonings, and deaths suffered by their people. As of 2011, the Government of Kronos has labeled the POK as a "public threat".

The Explainer

THE WHO IS THE DEMONSTRATORS 



2012/08/24


ABILA, Kronos - with the third anniversary to approach of the death of Elian Karel - previous member of the protectors of Kronos - the question is:  who are the demonstrators?  But not only who are they, which and because they are protesting? 



The protectors of Kronos or POK were founded on 1997 by the residents of rural Elodis in agreement with the opinion of the now late health for all (WFA), an international group of the security of the water. The POK was initiated to bring the attention to the clean editions of the water that surrounded Elodis to the government by Kronos and the world. The POK affirms that the site that it perforates international of the natural gas of the curve of GAStech Tiskele is the source of both the contamination of the potable water as well as the destruction of the traditional territories of labrantío that surround Elodis. 



In 1998, WFA made test in the water of Elodis that finds stops levels of the benzene, arsenic of the tolueno and xylene, barium, chromium, lead and selenium. The test of a subsequent declaration sent by the attention and the pressure in the international government and GAStech brought WFA to the act. Nevertheless, with making fragments of WFA due to financing editions, the demands of the POK were not done case and downplayed to a great extent. 



Also in 1998, Julian Vann, of a ten years previously healthy one - the old girl died of a persistent disease, that WFA-financed demanded doctors was caused by the contamination of the water. The government of Kronos officially refuted the demand that mentioned the fragmentation of the WFA organization as it demonstrates of a nontrustworthy source that will not trust. He costs what costs, Julian he felt well to martyr of the first POK and has used the image of Julian in the Literature of the campaign since. 



Martyr secondly main of POK is Elian Karel, that died in 2009 whereas incarcerated of indetermine causes. Trumped upon loads affirms it to the POK was arrested ignition whereas the government of affirms it to Kronos was a radical and violent activist contracted the fiscal evasion. Karel been had implied with the POK from its beginning since his father, Jeroen Karel, were an original member.  The death of Elian Karel in 2009 was marked by spontaneous cases of the protest around Abila. The anniversary of its death, the 19 of June, has considered additional protests, demonstrations, uproars, and violence. 



The POK has been developed of pacific protests and demonstrations that demanded the action from the government to more violent activities including uproars whereas he demands that the government has done little nothing in the direction of the contamination, the envenenamientos, and the deaths undergone by his people. In date 2011, the government of Kronos has labeled the POK as "he threatens public".










The Abila Post
WHO ARE THE PROTESTERS 

22 August 2012 

ABILA, Kronos - With the third anniversary of Elian Karel's death approaching - former member of the Protectors of Kronos - the question is: who are the protesters? But not only who are they, what and why are they protesting? 

The Protectors of Kronos or POK were founded in 1997 by residents of rural Elodis on the advice of the now defunct Wellness for All (WFA), an international water safety group. The POK was initiated to bring attention to the clean water issues surrounding Elodis to the Government of Kronos and the world. The POK asserts that GAStech International's Tiskele Bend natural gas drilling site is the source of both the contamination of drinking water as well as the destruction of the traditional farmland surrounding Elodis. 

In 1998, WFA performed testing on the water of Elodis finding high levels of benzene, toluene and xylene arsenic, barium, chromium, lead and selenium. The testing a subsequent statement released by WFA brought international attention and pressure on the government and GAStech to act. However, with the fragmenting of WFA due to funding issues, the POK's demands were largely ignored and downplayed. 

Also in 1998, Juliana Vann, a previously healthy ten-year old girl died of a lingering illness, which WFA-funded doctors claimed was caused by water contamination. The Government of Kronos officially refuted the claim citing the fragmentation of the WFA organization as evidence of an unreliable source not to be trusted. Regardless, Juliana became the POK's first martyr and has used Juliana's image on campaign literature ever since. 

The POK's second major martyr is Elian Karel, who died in 2009 while incarcerated of undetermined causes. The POK asserts he was arrested on trumped up charges while the Government of Kronos contends he was a radical and violent activist engaged in tax evasion. Karel had been involved with the POK since its inception given that his father, Jeroen Karel, was an original member.  Elian Karel's death in 2009 was marked by spontaneous instances of protest around Abila. The anniversary of his death, June 19, has seen additional protests, demonstrations, riots, and violence. 

The POK has evolved from peaceful protests and demonstrations demanding government action to more violent activities including riots as they claim that the government has done little to nothing in addressing the contamination, poisonings, and deaths suffered by their people. As of 2011, the Government of Kronos has labeled the POK as a "public threat".





News Desk

THE WGO ARE PROTESTERS 



2012/08/23


ABILA, Kronos - with the third anniversary of the death of Elian Karel closer coming - former member of the guards of Kronos - the question is: who are protesters? But not only who she, what are and why do they protest? 



The guards of Kronos or POK were set up in 1997 residents, of rural Elodis on the advice of now overledde Wellness all (WFA), an international group of the water security. POK in functioning were put to bring attention to clean water spend surrounding Elodis to the government Kronos and the world. POK claim that place of the aardgasboring of bending GAStech the international Tiskele the source of both the pollution of drinking water as well as the destruction of the traditional agriculture ground which surrounds Elodis is. 



In 1998, WFA conducted testing on the water of Elodis from finding high levels of benzene, toluene and xylene arsenic, barium, chromium, lead and selenium. A further declaration which is released by WFA brought international attention to testing and very on the government and GAStech to act. However, with smashing WFA to attribute to the financing of questions, the requirements of POK were mainly ignored and downplayed. 



Also in 1998, Juliana, Vann, rather healthy of ten years - the old little girl died to a dawdling sickness, which wFA-Gefinancierde the geëisteo doctors water pollution was caused. The government of Kronos refuted officially the requirement the quoting fragmentation of the organization trust WFA as a proof material of onbetrouwbare not source. Anyhow, Juliana the first martyr of POK and has the picture of Juliana on campaign literature sinsdien was used. 



The second most important martyr of POK is Elian Karel, who in 2009, whereas incarcerated died of indefinite causes. POK claim he trumped omhoog charges were arrested whereas the government of Kronos fights he radical and violent activist was charged with belastingontwijking. Karel geïmpliceerdn with POK since its commencement its father had been seen, Jeroen Karel, an original member was.  The death of Karel van Elian in 2009, was seen by spontaneous agencies of protest round Abila. The anniversary of its dead, 19 June, have extra protests, demonstrations, babble, and violence seen. 



POK of peaceful protests and demonstrations have evolved which require government action babble to violenter activities including since they claim that the government little has done to nothing in aiming pollution, poisonings, and the sterfgevallen which are incurred by their people. As from 2011, the government of Kronos POK as has a public threat geëtiketteerdl.











Athena Speaks

WHO ARE the PROTESTERS 



2012/08/24


ABILA, Kronos - with the third birthday of the approach of died of Elan Carol - former member of the guards of Kronos - the question is: who are the protesters? But not only which is they, which and why they protest? 



The guards of Kronos or POK were founded in 1997 by residents of rural Elodis in accordance with the opinion of now old health for all (WFA), an international group of safety of water. The POK was launched to give the attention to the clean questions of water surrounding Elodis to the government of Kronos and of the world. The POK affirms that the site of international natural gas drilling of curve of GAStech Tiskele is the source from both the contamination of drinking water as well as the destruction of the traditional fields surrounding Elodis. 



In 1998, WFA carried out test on the water of Elodis finding the levels high of benzene, arsenic of toluene and xylene, barium, chromium, lead and selenium. The test of a following report/ratio released by an attention and pressure on the international government and GAStech brought by WFA to the act. However, with reducing WFA in fragments due to the questions of placement, the requests of the POK were mainly ignored and reduced the value. 



Moreover in 1998, Juliana Vann, one ten years previously healthy - the old maid died of a prolonged disease, which WFA-a placed of the claimed doctors was caused by contamination of water. The government of Kronos officially refuted the complaint quoting the fragmentation of the organization of WFA like obviousness of a dubious source not to make confidence. Without worrying, Juliana was well to the martyrdom of the POK first and employed the image of Juliana on the literature of countryside since. 



The martyrdom in the second place principal of POK is Elan Carol, which died in 2009 while imprisoned unspecified causes. The POK affirms it was stopped above trumped to the top of the expenses while the government of Kronos it question was a radical activist and violent one occupied in tax avoidance. Carol had been implied POK since its beginning since his/her father, Jeroen Carol, were an original member.  The death of Elan Carol in 2009 was marked for spontaneous examples of protest around Abila. The birthday of its death, June 19, saw protests, demonstrations, riots, and violence additional. 



The POK evolved/moved of the peaceful protests and the demonstrations requiring the action of government to more violent activities including/understanding riots while they claim that the government made little with nothing by addressing the contamination, the intoxications, and the deaths suffered by their people. In date of 2011, the government of Kronos marked the POK like "threatens public".








