International Times
Kronos' oil and gas industry has warned it faces its "biggest challenge in 20 years" due to the low levels of exploration.

20 February 2012

Government energy officials said only 15 wells were drilled last year.
That was despite strong levels of investment, reaching a record last year and sustained this year.
Exploration drilling was down from 26 wells six years ago, only sufficient to recover a fraction of the estimated oil and gas remaining in the countries oil and gas fields.
"Kronos' fields contain an abundance of oil and gas yet to be found and it is critical we find the means to turn the current state of exploration around" -Energy Minister Jules Jecovic
The annual activity survey by Oil and Gas Kronos found a rapid increase in production costs, up by 15% last year.
The average cost of extracting a barrel of oil was up by 27% in only a year, to reach K17.
The number of fields with cost per barrel above K30 has doubled in the last 12 months.
Rising costs were cited last week by GAStech, which is considering future investments in Norway and North America, rather than Kronos fields.
With rising costs, production tax payments to the Kronos Treasury are expected to fall from K3.5bn during the 2011-12 financial year to K2bn in the current year.
Following the rapid decline in oil and gas production from Kronos fields in recent years, the rate of fall slowed during 2012 - down by 8% to .83m barrels of oil per day, or its gas equivalent.
Continue reading the main story	
Jecovic stated "Kronos' fields contain an abundance of oil and gas yet to be found and it is critical we find the means to turn the current state of exploration around. Equipment availability and access to capital are the two main barriers noted by our Ministry."

News Online Today
POK MEMBERS TARGETED BY ABILA POLICE

5 February 2012 

ABILA, Kronos ?Four Protectors of Kronos members were arrested by Abila police last week on false drug charges.  The four citizens were attending evening poetry readings at a local caf?  Witnesses report that police stormed the caf? ignoring everyone but those four specific persons.  It is increasingly evident that the persecution of the POK has become official government policy.
The Continent

Oil and the gas the industry has warned of Kronos it for its most formidable challenge in 20 years because of the low levels of exploration stands.



2012/02/21


The energy civil servants of the government said previous year to only 15 wells were bored.

That was in spite of strong levels of investment, which a report reaches previous year and supported this year.

Drilling of the exploration had been suffered of 26 wells six years, only sufficient to a fractie of the valued oil and recover the gas to which on country oil and the gasvelden remain.

The areas of Kronos contain an abundance of still oil and gas to find and it is critical we finds the resources to the current state of exploration turn around - energy administers Jules Jecovic

The annual activity research oil and gas Kronos found a fast increase of production costs, previous year omhoog by 15%.

To the average to cost to obtain oil a barrel was omhoog by 27% in only one year, to reach K17.

The number of areas with costs by barrel above K30 has doubled in the last 12 months.

The increasing costs were quoted last week GAStech, which order future investments in Norway and Noord-Amerika, rather than Kronos consider.

With increasing costs, the payments of the production tax to the Treasury Kronos must fall of K3.5bn during the budget year of 2011-12 to K2bn in the current year.

After the fast fall in oil and gasproductie of areas Kronos the last years, slowed down the tariff of fall during 2012 - by 8% up to .83m barrels oil per day, or are gasequivalent.

Most important tale remains the reading	

Jecovic explained the areas of Kronos contain an abundance of oil and gas still to find and it we find the resources criticism are the current change state of exploration. The availability and the access of the material up to capital are the two important barriers which are noted by our ministry.



World Journal

The gas and oil industry of Kronos informed that it takes up its "greater challenge in 20 years" of due to the bottom grades of exploration.



2012/02/21


The civils servant of energy of government declared that only 15 wells were drilled last year.

It was in spite of the strong levels of the investment, reaching one year last record and supported this year.

The structural test drilling was in fall of 26 wells six years ago, only sufficiently to recover a fraction of estimated oil and to poison remaining in the countries oil and of the gas layers.

The "fields of Kronos contain an abundance of oil and the gas to be still found and it is critical find us the means of turning the current state of the exploration around" - of the Minister for energy Jules Jecovic

The annual investigation of activity per Oil and gas Kronos found last year an increase fast in production costs, to the top from 15%.

The average cost to extract a barrel from oil was in rise of 27% in only year, to reach K17.

The number of fields with the cost by barrel above K30 doubled in the last 12 months.

Increasing costs were quoted last week by GAStech, which considers future investments in Norway and North America, rather than the fields of Kronos.

With increasing costs, one expects that payments of taxes of production to the treasure of Kronos fall from K3.5bn during 2011-12 in K2bn per current year.

After the fast decline in the production of oil and gas starting from the fields of Kronos these last years, the rate of fall slowed down during 2012 - to the bottom of barrels of 8% with oil .83m per day, or its equivalents of gas.

To continue to read the principal history	

Fields "of Kronos indicated by Jecovic contain an abundance of oil and the gas to be still found and it is critical find us the means of turning the current state of exploration around. The availability and the access of equipment to the capital are the two remarkable principal barriers by our ministry."



Everyday News

The industry of the oil and the gas of Kronos has noticed that it faces his "greater challenge of 20 years" of due to the low levels of the exploration.



2012/02/22


The civil employees of the energy of the government said that only 15 wells were perforated the last year.

That was in spite of strong levels of the investment, reaching a year last of registry and maintained east year.

Perforating of the exploration was down from 26 wells six years ago, it is only sufficient to recover a fraction of the considered oil and to provide with remaining gas in the countries oil and the gas fields.

The "fields of Kronos contain an abundance of oil and the gas still that will be and she is critical we find means to give return around to the present state of the exploration" - of energy minister Julio Jecovic

The annual survey on the activity by Oil and the gas Kronos found an increase fast in production costs, above for of 15% the last year.

The average cost to extract an oil barrel was in favor for above of only 27% of a year, to reach K17.

The number of fields with cost by barrel on K30 has doubled in the 12 last months.

The increasing prices were mentioned the week last through GAStech, that is considering the future investments in Norway and North America, rather that the fields of Kronos.

With increasing prices, one hopes that the payments of the tax from the production to the Property of Kronos lower of K3.5bn during budgetary exercise 2011-12 to K2bn in the present year.

After the fast declination in the production of the oil and the gas of the fields of Kronos these last years, the index of the fall was slowed down down during 2012 - by the barrels of 8% to of .83m of oil per day, or its equivalent ones of the gas.

To continue reading main history	

Fields those "of indicated Kronos Jecovic contain an abundance of oil and the gas still that will be and she is critical we find means to give return around to the present state of the exploration. The availability and the access of the equipment to the capital are the two main barriers known by our ministry."



News Online Today 

Gas Industry Challenged



2012/02/21


Kronos' oil and gas industry has warned it faces its "biggest challenge in 20 years" due to the low levels of exploration. 

"Kronos' fields contain an abundance of oil and gas yet to be found and it is critical we find the means to turn the current state of exploration around" -Energy Minister Jules Jecovic 

The annual activity survey by Oil and Gas Kronos found a rapid increase in production costs, up by 15% last year. 

Following the rapid decline in oil and gas production from Kronos fields in recent years, the rate of fall slowed during 2012 - down by 8% to .83m barrels of oil per day, or its gas equivalent.

