The Explainer

DISAPPEARED CONFIRMED GASTECH DIRECTION

By Haneson Ngohebo

2014/01/20


ABILA, Kronos - Miriam Avila, administrative assistant in international GAStech, has confirmed that the members of the direction of GAStech in fact are lacking. One hoped that it arrived the reception from the government who followed the meeting this morning in the headquarters of GAStech - of Kronos, but never was demonstrated the group for above.



Ms Avila denied that they have kidnapped to any employee of GAStech. She also denied that they had jumped simply the city with his wealth newfound.



Whereas the world disclosed the 16 of December of 2013, the international recent initial offer public of GAStech (IPO) produced net Sten Sanjorge, Jr to $1,96 billion eye-that exploded for their part that perforating controlled of the international company and of exploration of the gas. 



The GAStech - the direction of also beautiful Kronos was compensated. The limaduras of IPO demonstrate that the executive group gained $327,25 million collective of the parts granted including $96,25 million by each one for the rasgueo of CFO Ingrid Precipice again, Field-Corrente of Ada of I BACK WATER, and Orhan of the COO. The adviser of environmental security Willem Basoue-Country also gained $38,5 million.



Although Mr. Sanjorge, Jr maintains an office in center, the capital of Tethys, most of international operations of GAStech happens in Kronos including the production of near 5 million cubic meters of newspaper gas. Ms Avila works in the headquarters of the center of GAStech.

The Abila Post
GASTECH LEADERSHIP CONFIRMED MISSING
By Haneson Ngohebo
20 January 2014

ABILA, Kronos - Miriam Avila, an administrative assistant at GAStech International, has confirmed that members of the GAStech leadership are in fact missing. The group was expected to arrive at the Government reception following this morning's meeting at GAStech - Kronos headquarters, but never showed up.

Ms. Avila denied that any GAStech employee has been abducted. She also denied that they had simply skipped town with their newfound riches.

As The World reported on 16 December 2013, GAStech International's recent initial public offering (IPO) netted Sten Sanjorge, Jr. an eye-popping $1.96 billion for his controlling share of the international gas drilling and exploration company. 

The GAStech - Kronos leadership was also handsomely rewarded. The IPO filings show that the executive group earned a collective $327.25 million from the newly vested shares including $96.25 million each for CFO Ingrid Barranco, CIO Ada Campo-Corrente, and COO Orhan Strum. Environmental Safety Advisor Willem Vasco-Pais also earned $38.5 million.

Though Mr. Sanjorge, Jr. maintains an office in Centrum, the capital of Tethys, most of GAStech International's operations take place on Kronos including production of about 5 million cubic meters of gas daily. Ms. Avila works in GAStech's Centrum headquarters.
