International Times
Kronos protests break out in violence 

12 November 2013

Journalist Shawn Pastorini says "lack of respect" is fuelling the protests
<< Continue reading the main story >>	
Demonstrators in Abilia, Kronos have set fire to government buildings, in another round of unrest in this torn city
Dozens of people have been injured in protests over perceived government corruption and perceived inability of politicians to improve the situation.
Police used rubber bullets and tear gas to quell unrest in the capital Abila . Black smoke could be seen coming from the presidency compound in Abila.
<< Continue reading the main story >>	
A Protectors of Kronos spokesperson stated "In Kronos the legacies of the environmental neglect and lack of concern for the people mean that few even hope for change anymore. For this reason, anger has been simmering for years, but now it has boiled over"
Police used water to disperse the protesters who were throwing stones at the building. There were also reports of an attempted storming of the office.
"People protest because they are suffering, because they don't have medical help. We demand the government resign," Terek Kamal, a truck driver, told the Times.
The unrest began in Abila earlier in the week, with protests over the dismissal of several Kronosian employees from energy giant GAStech International.  GAStech has its roots in Tethys, although many directors live in Kronos.
This appears to be a case of simmering frustration boiling over.
The administration is highly supportive of GAStech and its tax income to the government coffers - yet seems to ignore any pressing issues but its own above-average pay packets.
The environmental  situation is desperate. Hundreds of rural citizens are suffering major illnesses apparently caused by exposure to GAStech waste streams, although this has not been official substantiated or acknowledge by either the company or government. 
That is what sparked the initial protests in Abila - but empathy with their cause brought demonstrators out in towns across Kronos.  Initially peaceful, these protest are now increasingly violent, and both police and citizens are caught in sometime fatal crossfire.  
Kronos President  Dorel Kapelou II is quoted as saying he would be calling an urgent meeting of the top leadership to address the "terrorist threat to peace" in the country.
Everyday News

The protests of Kronos explode in violence 



2013/11/13


Journalist Shawn Pastorini says that the "deficiency of the respect" is supplying of fuel the protests

<< to continue reading main history >>	

The demonstrators in Abilia, Kronos have fixed the fire to the buildings of the government, in another round one of the malaise in this torn city

They have damaged to the dozens of people in the perceived corruption excessive of the government of the protests and the perceived incapacity of politicians to improve the situation.

To clean to the bullets and the tear rubber gas used to calm malaise in the capital Abila. The black smoke could be to come sight from the compound of the presidency in Abila.

<< to continue reading main history >>	

Protectors of the spokesman of Kronos indicated "in Kronos the inheritances of the environmental negligence and the deficiency of the preoccupation by means of people that little uniform hope of the change more. Therefore, the rage simmering per years, but now has boiled the excess"

To clean the used water to disperse to the demonstrators who sent stones in the building. There were also information of storming tried of the office.

"To populate the protest because they are suffering, because they do not have medical aid. We demand the government we resigned," Terek Kamal, a driver of the car, said the times.

The malaise began in previous Abila in the week, with protests on the dismissal of several employees of Kronosian of international giant the GAStech energy.  GAStech has its roots in Tethys, although many directors live in Kronos.

This one appears to be a case of the frustration simmering that it boils above.

The administration is highly of support of GAStech and its rent of tax to the boxes of the government - it looks like yet not to pay attention of any edition pressing but to its own packages on-means of the payment.

The environmental situation is desperate. The hundreds of rural citizens are suffering the important diseases caused apparently by the exhibition to the useless currents of GAStech, although this one has not been verified civil employee nor recognizes by the company or the government. 

That is what sparked the initial protests in Abila - but empathy with its cause brought demonstrators towards outside in cities through Kronos.  Initially pacific, these protest are more and more violent now, and take to the police and to the citizens in sometimes fatal shooting.  

They quote president Dorel Kapelou II of Kronos then saying he would be summoning an urgent meeting of the superior direction to deal with the "threat the terrorist for La Paz" in the country.

The Continent

The protests of Kronos break out in violence 



2013/11/13


The journalist Shawn Pastorini says to the lack of respect the protests of fuel foresees

<< remain the reading most important tale >>	

The demonstration systems in Abilia, Kronos have placed fire to government bldg., in another round of disorder in this torn city

Dozens people in protests concerning have been observed government corruption and have been observed incapacity of politicians wounded improve the situation.

The police force used rubber balls and traangas to oppress disorder in hoofdAbila. Black smoke could be seen coming from the chairmanship composition in Abila.

<< remain the reading most important tale >>	

Explained the guards of spokesperson Kronos in Kronos the inheritances of environment far where discharging and the lack of importance for people means that weinigen hope even more for change. For this reason, anger has simmered many years', but now it concerning has cooked

The police force used water to spread protesters which stones threw at the bldg. There were also reports of tried storming the office.

People protest because they suffer, because they have no medical aid. We require the government, Terek Kamal, a truck driver, told The Times resign.

The disorder started in former days in Abila in the week, with protests concerning the dismissal of different employees Kronosian of energy reuze international GAStech.  GAStech have its carrots in Tethys, although a lot of directors in Kronos live.

This seems be a case of simmering frustration concerning ebullient.

The policy is support highest of GAStech and is tax income to the government trunks - seems still any squat ignore questions but is own above the average pays parcels.

The environment situation is desperate. Hundreds rural citizens suffer from important sicknesses which are apparently caused by exhibition to GAStech waste streams, although this no official gesubstantiërd have been or recognize by or the company or government. 

That is what the initial protests in Abila sparkled - but empathy with their cause brought out demonstration systems in cities concerning Kronos.  Initially peaceful, this protest is more and more violent, and both the police force and the citizens is now caught in sometimes fatal cross fire.  

Kronos president Dorel Kapelou II such as he is saying cited a squat meeting of the highest control would call to aim the terrorist threat to peace in the country.

