International Times
GAStech 

22 February 2013

It is the biggest company in Kronos, the third largest gas company on the planet, and it is fifty-three years old. In the past it has had a reputation as corrupt and environmentally harmful, but nowadays GAStech, the former Tethys-only business, is trying to earn the trust of international investors. This forms part of its ambitions to expand its profitable business supplying gas outside of the Mediterranean region.
It is an uphill task, and there is no certainty that Gastech has the ability to convince potential investors it has mended its ways, and is no longer rooted in the eco-hostile past.
GAStech's pipeline operations are based in eastern Kronos, and there is close relationship with the Kronosian government. This is the heart of Kronos's pipeline business, where gas from the eastern gas fields is piped west towards the rest of Kronos, Tethys and Europe.
GAStech does more than just pump gas. It has created towns and cities to service its operations, which it manages and runs almost single-handed.
The head of GAStech, Sten Sanjorge, Jr, whose photo stares out from calendars and picture frames everywhere in the country, acknowledges the "state within a state" accusations, but argues that the company simply needs to look after its workers and the communities around them.
Of course, people need good reasons to come and work in the hostile remote Kronosian regions. They are provided with medical care, entertainment, and food. The GAStech empire owns 2 thousand cows and 3 thousand pigs in its company farms, runs gyms, and offers subsidised holidays in Black Sea resorts for key employees. For executives, it runs a state of the art, marble-lined medical and therapy centre.
In addition to all of these perks, there is also the GAStech TV station, which doesn't even pretend to be unbiased. It's there to serve the company's will.
It hardly seems the picture of a modern global company, as most of those have unceremoniously dumped their "non-core activities". There is an argument, however, that the energy business is different from other industries, requiring energy corporations to operate in distinct ways.
Working in far-off places with no previous infrastructure means oil and gas sites will always be, to some extent, company towns. GAStech certainly strives to ensure its employees can move in and out of these locations by operating a private fleet of four planes to ferry its staff the huge distances between sites.
News Online Today 

GAStech Profile 

 

2013/02/22
 

It is the biggest company in Kronos, the third largest gas company on the planet, and it is fifty-three years old. This is the heart of Kronos's pipeline business, where gas from the eastern gas fields is piped west towards the rest of Kronos, Tethys and Europe. 

The head of GAStech, Sten Sanjorge, Jr, whose photo stares out from calendars and picture frames everywhere in the country, acknowledges the "state within a state" accusations, but argues that the company simply needs to look after its workers and the communities around them. The GAStech empire owns 2 thousand cows and 3 thousand pigs in its company farms, runs gyms, and offers subsidised holidays in Black Sea resorts for key employees. GAStech certainly strives to ensure its employees can move in and out of these locations by operating a private fleet of four planes to ferry its staff the huge distances between sites.

World Source 

GAStech Profile 

 

2013/02/22
 

It is the biggest company in Kronos, the third largest gas company on the planet, and it is fifty-three years old. In the past it has had a reputation as corrupt and environmentally harmful, but nowadays GAStech, the former Tethys-only business, is trying to earn the trust of international investors. 

It is an uphill task, and there is no certainty that Gastech has the ability to convince potential investors it has mended its ways, and is no longer rooted in the eco-hostile past. 

GAStech's pipeline operations are based in eastern Kronos, and there is close relationship with the Kronosian government. This is the heart of Kronos's pipeline business, where gas from the eastern gas fields is piped west towards the rest of Kronos, Tethys and Europe. 

GAStech does more than just pump gas. 

The head of GAStech, Sten Sanjorge, Jr, whose photo stares out from calendars and picture frames everywhere in the country, acknowledges the "state within a state" accusations, but argues that the company simply needs to look after its workers and the communities around them. The GAStech empire owns 2 thousand cows and 3 thousand pigs in its company farms, runs gyms, and offers subsidised holidays in Black Sea resorts for key employees. There is an argument, however, that the energy business is different from other industries, requiring energy corporations to operate in distinct ways. 

Working in far-off places with no previous infrastructure means oil and gas sites will always be, to some extent, company towns. GAStech certainly strives to ensure its employees can move in and out of these locations by operating a private fleet of four planes to ferry its staff the huge distances between sites.

The Continent

The hospitals which see Toevloed of the users of the drug of the designer of Abila



2013/02/08
The department of the emergency situation at the general hospital Abila in Kronos has been under water put in previous month by people who suffer from medical complications from designer drugs such as cotton suikergoed and the synthetic marihuana, a hospital civil servant said.

We have fallen at least two dozens in previous month, aforesaid Alicia Bianca, nurse manager of the department have. We are litterally overwhelmed.

Bianca this level never said they have seen of activity concerning drug overdoses in the seven years they the department have conducted of the emergency situation and in the 20 years they a nurse has been.

The authorities in Abila said cotton the suikergoed a factor in the death of 54 one people whose birthday it is Ralf for the can be, it of which gekneuste and naked body 4 February along coming to an end gone were found. The research workers wait the toxicologies for reports stipulate the cause of death are. Attributed in very the city, its different sterfgevallen to cotton Suikergoed according to the national center of the Vergift Kronos.

The patients end up to Abila commonly by the larger town area, and they include adults and young people, male and female, and all socioe-economic contexts, aforesaid Bianca.

Sgt Antonio Arresta of the section of the fire Abila, eerste-antwoordapparaat a question in the city, medical to emergency situation, said its department also an ear in the number of people has seen that treatment for complications of designer drugs has. We went of zero question to hand-full question in previous month, he said.

Bianca and Arresta said their efforts treat people are provided more with difficulty because they do not know frequently no matter what concerning the designer drugs that were taken.

YOU weet what you when you get it, do not get aforesaid Bianca. We have patients come in have and uncontrolled act, who are very violent. They tell our they cotton suikergoed have done or synthetic marihuana.

There aforesaid Bianca little has been clinically obeyed concerning of cotton suikergoed, since it is a new toxic substance. There are no checked studies in toxicology, she said. The national vergiftcentrum collect anecdotische reports concerning overdoses of the hospitals and other suppliers as part of efforts to offer Council on how at to treat patients.

The drugs of the designer are chemical compositions which are composed to seem on the active ingredient in frequently illegitimate drugs. Cotton the suikergoed bootst the drug after khat, a stimulant. The manufacturers frequently change the chemical composition of the designer drug and are name one step for authorities remain, aforesaid Biance. It is another manner sell it, she said.

Term cotton suikergoed, for example, is a nickname of the drug and has to do nothing with carnival treats. The drug has been sold under the name of the dreams of the Kruid one yielded and under the name of the Bloesem of the Tulp next. 

The government has placed Kronos three of the commonly use chemical products in the realization of cotton suikergoed on its checked substance list and labelling as a crime their use and has. Still, the government cannot prohibit cotton suikergoed entirely because the manufacturers can the recipe change and the law, aforesaid Bianca to limit. The drugs are sold online as therapytherapy therapy products and are available concerning the meter in area rise.

We know still what with cotton suikergoed does not get you. The chemical composition variërt of parcel to parcel, aforesaid Bianca.

One factor for the popularity of cotton suikergoed is low costs, aforesaid Bianca be. She said a gram cotton sugar well costs concerning K18 whereas a gram cocaine costs K166.

An altitude to euphoria, or, which right is or larger than that of, leads cotton the suikergoed cocaine but also a discharge causes which is worse, aforesaid Bianca. The disadvantageous impact of discharge causes frequently people to binge on cotton suikergoed to the point where they consume the drug for days. They hanker to, she said.

After repeated use, the drug Courts roasted the brain of a person, who the chemical products descend those are verrichtingen in balance bring. This leads sometimes to bizar, frequently psychotic behavior that in the media, such as the case of the naked man in Elodis who was found it in the middle of of important gone has been reducing communicated, aforesaid Bianca. The beslagleggingen and the imagining ideas are incredibly, she said.

Whereas it is not yet stipulated who is behind the distribution of this round of designer drugs, the police force pursues verdachte organized crime this large income source. The army of people is Asterian traditional geïmpliceerdd with drug trafficking by the area, and the maintaining agencies researches near possible cooperation between drug trafficking organizations and political rebellious groups.





The Continent

GAStech 



2013/02/24


It is the largest company in Kronos, the third largest gasbedrijf on the planet, and it is fifty-three years old. In the past it has had a reputation corrupt and ecologically detrimental, but nowadays tries GAStech, former tethys-slechts the matter, to deserve the confidence of international investors. This forms part of its ambitions to be advantageous extend matter which the Mediterranean area provides to gas.

It is mount-upward task, and there no certainty that Gastech have to the capacity potential investors it to be persuade manners, has repaired and in the eco-hostile past carrot has been no longer shot.

The pipeline far directions of GAStech have been based in Eastern Kronos, and are dense proportion with the government Kronosian. This is the heart of the pipeline matter of Kronos, where the gas of the Eastern gasvelden fails it by conducted west to the rest of Kronos, Tethys and Europe is.

GAStech pump more than only gas. It has to cities and conducted for its verrichtingen cities to maintain, which it leads and almost single-handed in functioning put.

The head of GAStech, Sten Sanjorge, Jr, of which photograph recognizes of calendars and picture frameworks everywhere in the country tail, stands within a state charges, but debates that the company simply after its workers and communities must look around them.

Of course, to people good reasons necessary in the hostile distant areas come and have worked Kronosian. They become to provide with medical care, recreation, and food. The empire GAStech has 2 thousand cows and 3 thousand varkens in its company agriculture companies, runs gyms, and offers to gesubsidiërde holiday in the toevlucht of the black sea for very important employees. For staff employees, it puts an overview, marmeren-gevoerd a medical and therapy center in functioning.

Beside each of these perks, is there also posts of TV GAStech, which claims be not even unbiased. It must serve the will of the company there.

The picture of a modern overall company hardly seems, since the meesten of those unceremoniously have dumped their not fundamental activities. There is an argument, however, which the energy matter differing from other industries be, which energy companies require to work in several manners.

Working in ver-van place without previous oil and the gasplaatsen of infrastructure resources always, to some extend, company cities will be. GAStech strive themselves certainly insure be employees and from these places by a private fleet of four planes to ferry boat in functioning to put be staff the giant distances between places can move.

World Journal

GAStech 



2013/02/24


It is the largest company in Kronos, the third larger company of gas on planet, and they is years of fifty-three. In the past it had a reputation as corrupted and ambient harmful, but nowadays GAStech, the old businesses of Tethys-only, tries to gain the confidence of the international investors. This belonged to its ambitions to increase its gas of provisioning of profitable businesses apart from Mediterranean area.

It is ascending charge, and there is no certainty but Gastech with the capacity to convince the potential investors whom it repaired its manners, and is not enracin?any more in the eco-hostile past.

Operations of the drain of GAStech are based in Eastern Kronos, and there is close relationship with the government of Kronosian. It is the heart of the businesses of the drain of Kronos, where the gas of the Eastern gas layers is whistled in the west towards the remainder of Kronos, Tethys and Europe.

GAStech makes more than just gas of pump. It created cities and cities to maintain its operations, which it controls and runs almost simple-given.

The chief of GAStech, Sten Sanjorge, Jr, whose photograph fixedly looks at outside calendars and executives of table everywhere in the country, recognizes "state the charges in state", but wire-drawer owing to the fact that the needs for company simply to deal of his workmen and the communities around them.

Naturally, to populate the good reasons of the need to come and work in the areas remotely hostile of Kronosian. They are equipped with medical care, entertainment, and food. The empire of GAStech has 2 thousand cows and 3 thousand pigs in its farms of company, court of the rooms of gymnastics, and offers holidays subsidized in resources of the Black Sea for the principal employees. For executives, it runs a current situation, a medical center marble-striped and of therapy.

In addition to all these advantages, there is also the station of GAStech TV, which does not even pretend to be impartial. It is there to serve the will of the company.

This seems hardly the image of a modern total company, like the majority of those without ceremony emptied their "activities of not-core". There is an argument, however, that the businesses of energy are different from other industries, requiring companies of energy to function in the distinct ways.

By working in the distant places without average precedents infrastructure to oil and the gas sites will be always, to a certain extent, of the towns of company. GAStech tries certainly to ensure its employees can move in and out of these places by actuating a private fleet of four planes to transport out of vat its personnel the enormous distances between the sites.

International Times
Abila Hospitals Seeing Influx of Designer Drug Users

7 February 2013
The Emergency Department at Abila General Hospital in Kronos has been swamped in the last month by people suffering medical complications from designer drugs such as "cotton candy" and synthetic marijuana, a hospital official said.
"We have had at least two dozen cases in the last month," said Alicia Bianca, nurse manager of the department. "We are literally overwhelmed."
Bianca said she has never seen this level of activity related to drug overdoses in the seven years she has managed the Emergency Department and in the 20 years she has been a nurse.
Authorities in Abila said "cotton candy" may have been a factor in the death of 54-year-old Ralf Potter, whose bruised and naked body was found February 4 along a dead-end road. Investigators are awaiting toxicology reports to determine the cause of his death. Citywide, several deaths have been attributed to "Cotton Candy" according to the Kronos National Poison Center.
Patients are coming to Abila General from throughout the greater city region, and they include adults and youths, male and female, and all socio-economic backgrounds, Bianca said.
Sgt Antonio Arresta of the Abila Fire Department, a first-responder to emergency medical calls in the city, said his department has also seen a spike in the number of people needing treatment for complications from designer drugs. "We went from zero calls to a handful of calls" in the last month," he said.
Bianca and Arresta said their efforts to treat people is made more difficult because they often do not know anything about the designer drugs that were taken.
"You don't know what you're getting when you get it," Bianca said. "We have had patients come in and act out of control, who are very violent. They tell us they have been doing cotton candy or synthetic marijuana."
Bianca said there is little clinical data on the effects of cotton candy, as it is an emerging toxicant. "There are no controlled studies in toxicology," she said. The national poison center collects anecdotal reports on overdoses from hospitals and other providers as part of efforts to offer advice on how to treat patients.
Designer drugs are chemical compounds synthesized to resemble the active ingredient in often illegal drugs. Cotton candy mimics the drug khat, a stimulant. Manufacturers frequently change the designer drug's chemical composition and its name to stay one step ahead of authorities, Biance said. "It is another way to sell it," she said.
The term cotton candy, for example, is a nickname of the drug and has nothing to do with the carnival treat. The drug has been sold under the name of "Spice Dreams" one week and under the name of "Tulip Blossom" the next. 
The Kronos government has placed three of the chemicals commonly used in the creation of cotton candy on its controlled substance list, criminalizing their use and possession. Still, the government cannot outright ban cotton candy because manufacturers can alter the recipe and skirt the law, Bianca said. The drugs are sold online as "herbal therapy" products and are available over the counter in area stores.
"We still don't know what you are getting with cotton candy. The chemical composition varies from package to package," Bianca said.
One factor for the popularity of cotton candy is its low cost, Bianca said. She said a gram of cotton candy costs about K18 while a gram of cocaine costs K166.
Cotton candy creates euphoria, or a high, that is equal to or greater than that of cocaine but also causes a crash that is worse, Bianca said. The crash's ill-effects often prompt people to binge on cotton candy to the point where they consume the drug for days. "They crave it," she said.
After repeated use, the drug "fries" a person's brain, draining the chemicals that balance its operations. This sometimes leads to bizarre, often psychotic behavior that has been reported in the media, such as the case of the naked man in Elodis who was found running down the middle of a major highway, Bianca said. "The seizures and delusions are incredible," she said.
While it is not yet certain who is behind the distribution of this round of designer drugs, police suspect organized crime is pursuing this large income source. The Asterian People's Army has traditionally been involved with drug trafficking throughout the region, and enforcement agencies are closely examining possible cooperation between drug trafficking organizations and political insurgent groups.


World Journal

Hospital of Abila seeing the surge of the users of drug of originator



2013/02/09
The department of help at the hospital general of Abila in Kronos was flooded in last month by people suffering from the medical complications of drugs of originator such as the "cotton sugar refinery" and the synthetic marijuana, a civil servant of hospital known as.

"We had at least two cases dozen in last month," said Alicia Bianca, director of nurse of the department. "We are literally overpowered."

Bianca indicated that it forever considering this level of activity related to the overdoses of drug in seven years when it controlled the department of help and in 20 years it was a nurse.

The authorities in "cotton sugar refinery" by Abila could have been a factor in the 54 years death Ralf trail, of which meurtrissent and the naked body was found on February 4 along a road of dead-end. The investigators await reports/ratios of toxicology to determine the cause of its death. Everywhere in the city, several deaths were allotted to the "sugar refinery cotton" according to the national center of poison of Kronos.

The patients come in the general from Abila from in all the larger area from city, and they include adults and youths, male and female, and all the mediums socio-economic, Bianca known as.

Sgt Antonio Arresta of the department of fire of Abila, a first-responder with the medical calls of help in the city, indicated that its department also saw a transient in the number of people needing treatment for complications for drugs for originator. "We went from calls zero to a handle of calls" in last month," it said.

Bianca and Arresta known as their efforts to treat people is made more difficult because they often do not know anything about drugs originator which were taken.

"You do not know what you obtain when you obtain it," in Bianca known as. "We made act with the patients to enter and out of the order, who are very violent one. They say to us that they had made the cotton sugar refinery or the synthetic marijuana."

Bianca says there is little clinical data on the effects of the cotton sugar refinery, because it is an incipient poison. "There is no study ordered in toxicology," it said. The national center of poison gathers anecdotic reports/ratios on overdoses of the hospitals and other suppliers as an element of the efforts to offer the council on the way in which to treat patients.

Drugs of originator are the chemical compounds synthesized to resemble the active substance in often illegal drugs. The cotton sugar refinery imitates the khat of drug, a stimulant. The manufacturers frequently change the chemical composition and its name of drug of originator into stage of the stay one in front of the authorities, Biance known as. "It is another manner of selling it," it said.

The cotton sugar refinery of limit, for example, is a nickname of drug and does not have anything to make with the feast of carnival. Drug was sold under the name of "spice dreams" one week and under the name of the "flower of tulip" the next one. 

The government of Kronos placed three of the chemicals used generally in the creation of the cotton sugar refinery on its ordered list of substance, criminalisant their use and possession. Always, the government cannot pure cotton sugar refinery of prohibition because the manufacturers can change the receipt and border the law, Bianca known as. Drugs are sold on line as products "of therapy of sweet herbs" and are available above the meter in stores of sector.

"We still do not know what obtain with the cotton sugar refinery. The chemical composition changes package with the package," Bianca known as.

A factor for the popularity of the cotton sugar refinery is its at cut price, Bianca known as. She said one gram of costs of cotton sugar refinery about K18 while one gram of cocaine costs K166.

The cotton sugar refinery creates the euphorism, or high, with which is equal or larger than than of cocaine but also causes with an accident which is worse, Bianca known as. Often prompt people of the bad effects of the accident with nocer on the cotton sugar refinery at the point where they consume drug during days. "They beseech it," it said.

After repeated the use, drug "makes fry" the brain of a person, draining the chemicals which balance its operations. This leads sometimes to the odd behavior and often psychotic who was brought back in the media, such as the case of the naked man in Elodis which was operation found in bottom of the medium of an important road, Bianca known as. "The seizures and the illusions are incredible," it said.

While it is not yet certain which is behind the distribution of this round of drugs of originator, the suspect organized crime of police force continues this great source of income. The popular army of Asterian was traditionally implied traffic of drug in all the area, and them agencies of application examine thoroughly the possible co-operation between the organizations of traffic of drug and the insurgent groups political.





Everyday News

Hospitals of Abila that see the affluence of the designer drug users



2013/02/09
The department of the emergency in the general hospital of Abila in Kronos has been sunk in the month last through the people who underwent medical complications of designer drugs such as "caramel of cotton" and synthetic marijuana, civil employee of the hospital this.

"We have had at least two cases dozen in the last month," said Alicia Bianca, in charge of the nurse of the department. "They crush to Us literally."

Bianca said that it never has seen east level of the activity related to the overdoses of the drug in the seven years that it has handled the department of the emergency and in the 20 years she has been nurse.

The authorities in the "caramel of cotton this Abila" could have been a factor in the death of the Potter de Ralf of 54 years, that contusionaron and the naked body was found the 4 of February throughout a way of the deadlock. The investigators are waiting information of the toxicología to determine the cause of their death. Citywide, several deaths have been attributed to the "caramel of cotton" according to the national center of the poison of Kronos.

The patients are coming to the general of Abila through the greater region of the city, and include to adults and the socioeconomic youths, man and female, and all bottoms, Bianca this.

Sgt Antonio Arresta of the body of firemen of Abila, first-responder to the medical calls of the emergency in the city, said that its department also has considered a point in the number of the people who needed the treatment for the complications designer drugs. "We went of calls zero to a handful of calls" in the last month," he said.

Bianca and Arresta these their efforts to treat people become more difficult because they often do not know any thing on the designer drugs that were taken.

"You do not know what you are obtaining when obtain you it," to Bianca this. "We have done that the patients come inside and who act outside control, that is very violent. They say to us that there are been making the caramel of cotton or the synthetic marijuana."

Bianca this is few clinical data there on the effects of the cotton caramel, because he is toxicant that emerges. "There are studies no controlled in toxicología," she said. The national center of the poison gathers anecdotal information on overdose of hospitals and other suppliers like part of efforts to offer advice on how treating patients.

The designer drugs are composed chemical synthesized to resemble itself the active often illegal drug ingredient. The caramel of mímico cotton khat of the drug, a stimulant. The manufacturers frequently change to the chemical composition and its name of the drug of designer to the passage in front of authorities, Biance of the stay a saying. "It is another way to sell it," she said.

The caramel of cotton of the term, for example, is a nickname of the drug and it does not have anything to do with convite of the carnival. The drug has been sold under the name of the "spice soña" one week and under the name of the "flower of tulipán" the following one. 

The government of Kronos has put three of chemical agents of general use in the creation of the caramel of cotton in his controlled list of the substance, criminalizing his use and possession. However, the government cannot caramel of absolute cotton of the interdiction because the manufacturers can alter the prescription and border the law, Bianca this. The drugs are sold in line as products of the "herbaria therapy" and are available on the accountant in warehouses of the area.

"Still we do not know what you are obtaining with the cotton caramel. The chemical composition varies of the package to the package," Bianca this.

A factor for the reputation of the cotton caramel is his low cost, Bianca this. She said a gram of costs of the cotton caramel on K18 whereas a gram of cocaine costs K166.

The cotton caramel creates euphoria, or an overflow, to which it is equal or greater than than of the cocaine but also cause to collapse that is worse, Bianca this. The people often soon of badly the effects of the collapse to go of borrachera in the cotton caramel to the point where they consume the drug per days. They yearn for "It," she said.

After he is repeated the use, "the cold" drug the brain of a person, draining the chemical agents that balance their operations. This leads sometimes to the strange behavior, often sicopático that has been disclosed in the means, such as the case of the naked man in Elodis that was operation found under the center of an important highway, Bianca this. "The graspings and delusions are incredible," she said.

Whereas it is not still certain who is behind the distribution of this round one of designer drugs, the organized crime suspected the police is persecuting this great source of the rent. The army of people of Asterian been has implied traditionally with drug traffic through the region, and the agencies of the application are fence examinee the possible cooperation between the insurgent organizations of drug traffic and political groups.





