Kronos Star
Annual POK Rally Ends in Riot, Again
Marcella Trapani
20 June 2013

ABILA, Kronos - POK members held their annual demonstration in Abila yesterday.  A larger than usual crowd gathered in front of the Capitol building, waving signs holding pictures of Elian Karel and Juliana Vann, who were painted as POK "martyrs".  The crowds chanted about government corruption and called for President Dorel Kapelou to step down.  Several protestors carried signs calling for an end to the "exploitive Tethys corporate capitalism" and alleging, "GAStech poisoned our kids".  

Police and government security forces set up between the protestors and the Capitol building in a show of force, hoping to prevent the kind of chaos that occurred during last year's riot.  However, after several hours of chanting and speeches, tempers in the crowd flared and protestors rushed the police line.  The police forces were forced to use tear gas, pepper spray, water cannons, and rubber bullets to subdue the crowd and protect property.  In spite of their heroic efforts, the protestors managed to break some windows, damage several police vehicles, and injure three officers.  

The Guide

Annual ends of the meeting of POK in uproar, again



2013/06/22


ABILA, Kronos - the members of POK celebrated their annual demonstration in Abila yesterday.  Greater of the crowd it generally collected in front of the building of the Capitol, shaking the samples that carried out the pictures of Elian Karel and Julian Vann, that were painted like POK "martyrs".  The crowds sang on the corruption of the government and called president Dorel Kapelou to reduce.  Several protestors took the samples that called for an end to "corporative Capitalism exploitive of Tethys" and alleging, "GAStech poisoned to our cabritos".  



The police and the forces of the government security installed between protestors and the building of the Capitol in a demonstration of the force, hoping to prevent the class with chaos that happened during the uproar of the last year.  Nevertheless, after several hours to sing and of speeches, the geniuses in the crowd indicated by means of lights and protestors undertook the line of the police.  The forces of the police were forced to use the tear gas, the aerosol of the pepper, the tubes of the water, and the rubber bullets to put under the crowd and to protect the characteristic.  In spite of their heroic efforts, protestors handled to break some windows, damages several vehicles of the police, and damages three officials.  



International News

Annual POK Rally Ends in Riot, Again 

 

2013/06/20
 

ABILA, Kronos - POK members held their annual demonstration in Abila yesterday.  A larger than usual crowd gathered in front of the Capitol building, waving signs holding pictures of Elian Karel and Juliana Vann, who were painted as POK "martyrs".   

 

Police and government security forces set up between the protestors and the Capitol building in a show of force, hoping to prevent the kind of chaos that occurred during last year's riot.  However, after several hours of chanting and speeches, tempers in the crowd flared and protestors rushed the police line.  The police forces were forced to use tear gas, pepper spray, water cannons, and rubber bullets to subdue the crowd and protect property.  In spite of their heroic efforts, the protestors managed to break some windows, damage several police vehicles, and injure three officers.

The Truth

The annual ends of the collection POK in babble, again



2013/06/21


ABILA, Kronos - the members POK kept their annual demonstration yesterday in Abila.  Larger than usual mob which is collected for the Capitol bldg., undulating holdingsbeelden of Elian Karel and Juliana Vann, which was painted as POK martyrs, sign.  The mob chanted concerning government corruption and requested Dorel Kapelou to step to president -.  Different protestors behave an end request to the exploitive to collective capitalism Tethys and signs which, GAStech poisoned our young young she-goats claim.  



The security strengths of the police force and of the government prevented set up between protestors and the bldg. Capitol in a show which effective, the type chaos hopes prevent that during babble of previous year.  However, the mob flickered after different hours of the chanting and adressed, makes in to and protestors dragged the police force line.  The politiekrachten were forced traangas, pepernevel, water guns, and use rubber balls to submit the mob and have to protect.  In spite of their heldhaftige efforts, protestors succeeded to some windows break, different police force vehicles, and damage three wound civil servants.  



Worldwise

Annual ends of gathering of POK in the riot, still



2013/06/22


ABILA, Kronos - the members of POK held their annual demonstration in Abila yesterday.  A crowd larger than usual met in front of the building of capitol, undulating of the signs holding the images of Elian Karel and Juliana Vann, which were painted like POK "martyrdoms".  Crowd sang about the corruption of government and claimed President Dorel Kapelou to bring back.  Several protestateurs carried signs claiming an end "to the capitalism of exploitive corporation of Tethys" and pleading, "GAStech poisoned our children".  



The police force and the forces of safety of government established between the protestateurs and the building of capitol in an exposure of the force, hoping to prevent the kind of chaos which occurred during the riot of last year.  However, after several hours of the song and the speeches, hardenings in crowd widened and the protestateurs precipitated the line of police force.  The police force was forced to employ teargas, the pepper jet, the guns of water, and the rubber balls to subject crowd and to protect the property.  In spite of their heroic efforts, the protestateurs managed to break some windows, damage several vehicles of police force, and wound three leaders.  



News Online Today

KAREL DEATH ANNIVERSARY

 

2013/06/21
 

ABILA, Kronos - Yesterday, as they have each June 19th for the past three years supporters of Protectors of Kronos rallied demanding much the same as they have in the past fourteen years:  an end to the corruption of the Kronos government officials and the cleanup of the toxic waste dump that has become the Tiskele River near Elodis.  The most dangerous item in their hands was a picture of a sweet-faced ten year dead old girl - Juliana Vann who died in 1998 of cancer caused by the benzene in her drinking water.

