Homeland Illumination
WHO BRINGS A GUN TO A SIT IN?
Petrus Gerhard
20 June 2013

ABILA, Kronos - Yesterday, as they have each June 19th for the past three years supporters of Protectors of Kronos rallied demanding much the same as they have in the past fourteen years:  an end to the corruption of the Kronos government officials and the cleanup of the toxic waste dump that has become the Tiskele River near Elodis. 
The rally which took place at several venues across the city, including in front of President Kapelou's publically-owned home and in front of the Abila capital building.  The citizens gathered hoping their voices would be heard by their elected officials. They handed out information on flyers printed and donated by local businesses about the lifestyle incongruities between today's elected officials and those of a few years ago. Demonstrators held posters of POK martyrs and chanted for social and economic parity, while black-clad members of the Abila Police formed faceless lines of shields, batons and side arms surrounding the crowds.
On everyone's mind was the question:  Who brings a gun to a peaceful sit in?  The rally had been publicized as a peaceful gathering of citizens to bring their concerns to the public consciousness.  The most dangerous item in their hands was a picture of a sweet-faced ten year dead old girl - Juliana Vann who died in 1998 of cancer caused by the benzene in her drinking water.  
Why did the Kronos government feel the need to send a police brute squad?
Despite these heavy-handed efforts, as groups of people slipped through the barricades and moved through the streets to bring their message to the citizens of Kronos.  Flyers bringing messages of truth and justice were left on park benches, in coffee houses and on light poles.  
How can these officials - hypothetically getting by on public salaries - afford the second homes, large boats and luxury automobiles they flaunt?


All News Today

WHO BRINGS A GUN TO A SIT IN? 

 

2013/06/21
 

ABILA, Kronos - Yesterday, as they have each June 19th for the past three years supporters of Protectors of Kronos rallied demanding much the same as they have in the past fourteen years:  an end to the corruption of the Kronos government officials and the cleanup of the toxic waste dump that has become the Tiskele River near Elodis. They handed out information on flyers printed and donated by local businesses about the lifestyle incongruities between today's elected officials and those of a few years ago. Demonstrators held posters of POK martyrs and chanted for social and economic parity, while black-clad members of the Abila Police formed faceless lines of shields, batons and side arms surrounding the crowds.  The rally had been publicized as a peaceful gathering of citizens to bring their concerns to the public consciousness.  The most dangerous item in their hands was a picture of a sweet-faced ten year dead old girl - Juliana Vann who died in 1998 of cancer caused by the benzene in her drinking water. 

Despite these heavy-handed efforts, as groups of people slipped through the barricades and moved through the streets to bring their message to the citizens of Kronos.   

How can these officials - hypothetically getting by on public salaries - afford the second homes, large boats and luxury automobiles they flaunt?

International News

Annual POK Rally Ends in Riot, Again 

 

2013/06/20
 

ABILA, Kronos - POK members held their annual demonstration in Abila yesterday.  A larger than usual crowd gathered in front of the Capitol building, waving signs holding pictures of Elian Karel and Juliana Vann, who were painted as POK "martyrs".   

 

Police and government security forces set up between the protestors and the Capitol building in a show of force, hoping to prevent the kind of chaos that occurred during last year's riot.  However, after several hours of chanting and speeches, tempers in the crowd flared and protestors rushed the police line.  The police forces were forced to use tear gas, pepper spray, water cannons, and rubber bullets to subdue the crowd and protect property.  In spite of their heroic efforts, the protestors managed to break some windows, damage several police vehicles, and injure three officers.

The Truth

The annual ends of the collection POK in babble, again



2013/06/21


ABILA, Kronos - the members POK kept their annual demonstration yesterday in Abila.  Larger than usual mob which is collected for the Capitol bldg., undulating holdingsbeelden of Elian Karel and Juliana Vann, which was painted as POK martyrs, sign.  The mob chanted concerning government corruption and requested Dorel Kapelou to step to president -.  Different protestors behave an end request to the exploitive to collective capitalism Tethys and signs which, GAStech poisoned our young young she-goats claim.  



The security strengths of the police force and of the government prevented set up between protestors and the bldg. Capitol in a show which effective, the type chaos hopes prevent that during babble of previous year.  However, the mob flickered after different hours of the chanting and adressed, makes in to and protestors dragged the police force line.  The politiekrachten were forced traangas, pepernevel, water guns, and use rubber balls to submit the mob and have to protect.  In spite of their heldhaftige efforts, protestors succeeded to some windows break, different police force vehicles, and damage three wound civil servants.  



Worldwise

Annual ends of gathering of POK in the riot, still



2013/06/22


ABILA, Kronos - the members of POK held their annual demonstration in Abila yesterday.  A crowd larger than usual met in front of the building of capitol, undulating of the signs holding the images of Elian Karel and Juliana Vann, which were painted like POK "martyrdoms".  Crowd sang about the corruption of government and claimed President Dorel Kapelou to bring back.  Several protestateurs carried signs claiming an end "to the capitalism of exploitive corporation of Tethys" and pleading, "GAStech poisoned our children".  



The police force and the forces of safety of government established between the protestateurs and the building of capitol in an exposure of the force, hoping to prevent the kind of chaos which occurred during the riot of last year.  However, after several hours of the song and the speeches, hardenings in crowd widened and the protestateurs precipitated the line of police force.  The police force was forced to employ teargas, the pepper jet, the guns of water, and the rubber balls to subject crowd and to protect the property.  In spite of their heroic efforts, the protestateurs managed to break some windows, damage several vehicles of police force, and wound three leaders.  



The Orb

Does WHO BRING a GUN TO ONE TO REST INSIDE?



2013/06/22


ABILA, Kronos - yesterday, because they more or less even have each June 19 during the three last years of defenders of the guards of Kronos gathered requiring as they have in fourteen last years:  an end with the corruption of the civils servant of government of Kronos and the cleaning of the toxic loss empty which became the river of Tiskele close to Elodis. 

The gathering which took place with several place of appointment through the city, including in front of the publically-had house of the President Kapelou' S and in front of the capital building of Abila.  The citizens collected to hope that their voices would be heard by their elected civils servant. They distribuer?information on insects printed and given by local companies about incongruities of life style between the civils servant elected of today and those few years ago. The demonstrators held of the posters of martyrdoms of POK and sang for the social and economic parity, whereas the black-plated members of the police force of Abila formed the lines without face of the shields, the sticks and the side arms surrounding crowd.

On each one the spirit was the question:  Who brings a gun to peaceful rests inside?  The gathering had been given publicity like peaceful meeting of the citizens to bring their concern to the public conscience.  The most dangerous article in their hands was an image of a dead old maid ten years nice - Juliana Vann which died in 1998 of the cancer caused by benzene in its drinking water.  

Why the government of Kronos did feel the need for sending the police force group of rough?

In spite of these awkward efforts, as the groups of people slipped by the barricades and moved by the streets to bring their message to the citizens of Kronos.  Insects bringing of the messages of the truth and justice were left on the park puts except play, in coffees and on the light posts.  

How can these civils servant - hypothetically obtaining near on public wages - allow the second homes, the large boats and the cars of luxury which they post?





Daily Pegasus

 THE WHO BRINGS A WEAPON TO SEATING INSIDE?



2013/06/22


ABILA, Kronos - yesterday, because they have each 19 of June by last the three years of those in favor of the reunited protectors of Kronos demanding much just as they are in the last fourteen years old:  a end to the corruption of the officials of the government of Kronos and the cleaning of the toxic sweepings unloads that it has become the river of Tiskele near Elodis. 

The meeting that happened in several places through the city, including in front of publically-had home of president Kapelou and the capital building of Abila.  The citizens collected to hope that their voices would be heard by their chosen civil employees. They distributed the information on the printed aviators and donated by local businesses on the incongruencias of the form of life between the chosen civil employees of today and he does of some years. The demonstrators maintained the posters of martyrs of POK and sang for the social and economic parity, whereas the members black-had with the police of Abila formed lines faceless of the protectors, the command batons and the lateral arms surrounding to the crowds.

On each one the mind was the question:   Who brings a weapon to a Pacific feels inside?  The meeting had been published like pacific meeting of citizens to bring its preoccupations to the public sense.  The most dangerous article of its hands was a picture dead girl sweet-faced of ten years of old - a Julian Vann that died in 1998 of the cancer caused by the benzene in its potable water.  

 So that the government of Kronos felt the necessity to send to police squadron of the gross one?

In spite of these severe efforts, as the people groups slid through the barricades and they moved through the streets to bring his message to the citizens of Kronos.  The aviators who brought messages of the truth and justice were lazy in banks of the park, caf'es and slight posts.  

 How can these civil employees - hypothetical obtaining close in pays public - be allowed the second the great homes, boats and the automobiles of luxury that boast of?





The Wrap

THE WGO BRING IN A GUN TO A PASVORM?



2013/06/21


ABILA, Kronos - yesterday, since they have collected each 19 June for the past three years verdedigers of guards of Kronos much requiring same if they have in the past the fourteen years:  an end to the corruption of the Kronos government civil servants and the cleaning turn of the toxic afvalstortplaats which the river Tiskele has become near Elodis. 

The collection which took place at different trefpunten concerning the city, which for openbaar-bezeten include the house of president Kapelou's and for the head bldg. Abila.  The citizens collected hoping their votes by their preferred civil servants are heard. They distributed information on aviators who by local ventures over the life style absurd present between the preferred civil servants of today and which of a couple year is pressed and is given suffered. Posters loved the demonstration systems martyrs POK and chanted for social and economic pariteit, whereas zwart-beklede the members of the police force Abila anonymous lines of shields formed, batons and they weapons which surround the mob.

On everyone the opinion the question was:  WHO brings a gun to peacefully present is?  The collection make had been confessed as itself peaceful collecting citizens their bring care to the public conscience.  The most dangerous point in their hands a picture of zoet-onder had been seen eyes dead old little girl of ten years - Juliana Vann which died in 1998, of cancer which is caused by the benzene in its drinking water.  

Why did the government feel Kronos the need a police force brutal send plow?

In spite of these awkward efforts, as groups of people of who by barricades has slipped and which are moved by the streets to bring their reported to the citizens of Kronos.  The aviators who report of truth and justice to bring became to leave on park banks, in coffee houses and on light Poland.  

How can these civil servants can those - hypothetical become on public salaries - second houses, the large boats and the luxeauto's they flaunt permit themselves?





News Online Today

KAREL DEATH ANNIVERSARY

 

2013/06/21
 

ABILA, Kronos - Yesterday, as they have each June 19th for the past three years supporters of Protectors of Kronos rallied demanding much the same as they have in the past fourteen years:  an end to the corruption of the Kronos government officials and the cleanup of the toxic waste dump that has become the Tiskele River near Elodis.  The most dangerous item in their hands was a picture of a sweet-faced ten year dead old girl - Juliana Vann who died in 1998 of cancer caused by the benzene in her drinking water.

