Everyday News

4 of March of 2010



2014/03/26
It is the first incident of his class in the history of the famous race of boat of the world, in which the yachts around the Mediterranean coast compete for the gold cup coveted.

The presidential boat, had by the family of present president Karel Kapelou II of Kronos, began to take in the water and disappeared slowly in the sea.

Cold



Most of the equipment entered the boats of the rescue, whereas other that decided to swim to the border described it like "cold".

Shortly after the presidential container perceivably was caused sorrow, a boat of small motor hurried forwards and backwards between the boat and to shake of the crowds of the coast the "protectors of Kronos" they indicate to offer by means of a flag its white emblem of the hand.  It is not known if the group were implied with the incident of the boat, although extensively recognize the group like getting to be more and more violent in its protests against the government.

The equipment rejected to blame the captain of the boat, 41 years Petra Hohimae, that are well to the current of waters of the line of the coast of Kronos.

One hopes that the race is cancelled although there has been no official word. The investigations to the presidential office have not been answered.  

They disclose the equipment to have only suffered injuries of smaller importance during his abandonment and to have avoided the contact of the press. One hopes that the ball of the finery of the cup of Kapalou is cancelled tonight, although many international dignitaries and celebrities remain in the country.  

Daily Pegasus

INFLAMMATION OF THE PROTESTS IN ABILA IN ANSWER TO CALLS TO THE ACTION



2014/03/26
7 of September of 2012





ABILA, Kronos - the thousands of people aligned the ways Thursday in an exhibition of solidarity antigovernment.



Between the demonstrators it was Mestache Vardshvna, 23, of the coast of the west of Kronos.   "We are trying to obtain the attention of our government," he said.  "This is important, so I took time extinguished from the work to be a part of this important event."



It was one of whom they handled his energy of the free speech to express his preoccupation with the present deficiency of the transparency of the government with the money public.



 "They need to be found out that we know what is doing," added Vardshvna.  "You cannot as soon as to rob our money and to think she can obtain to him far with him."



The posters with colorful images of Elian Karel and Julian Vann were reminders of the heavy toll already paid by the leaders and innocents.    Its death, thought to be a murder by many, urged annul meetings to bring the message of the protectors of Kronos to the public.  Julian Vann died in 1998 of the cancer caused by environmental toxins in its potable water.  It finished giving return to ten years.

